http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AC
  out=AC.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AD
  out=AD.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AD/Canillo
  out=AD_Canillo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AD/Encamp
  out=AD_Encamp.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AD/Escaldes-Engordany
  out=AD_Escaldes-Engordany.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AD/La Massana
  out=AD_La Massana.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AD/Ordino
  out=AD_Ordino.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AD/Parròquia d'Andorra la Vella
  out=AD_Parròquia d'Andorra la Vella.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AD/Sant Julià de Lòria
  out=AD_Sant Julià de Lòria.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AE
  out=AE.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AE/أبو ظبي
  out=AE_أبو ظبي.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AE/إمارة الشارقةّ
  out=AE_إمارة الشارقةّ.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AE/إمارة دبيّ
  out=AE_إمارة دبيّ.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AE/إمارة رأس الخيمة
  out=AE_إمارة رأس الخيمة.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AE/الفجيرة
  out=AE_الفجيرة.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AE/ام القيوين
  out=AE_ام القيوين.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AE/عجمان
  out=AE_عجمان.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AF
  out=AF.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AG
  out=AG.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AI
  out=AI.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AL
  out=AL.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AM
  out=AM.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AM/Արագածոտն
  out=AM_Արագածոտն.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AM/Արարատ
  out=AM_Արարատ.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AM/Արմավիր
  out=AM_Արմավիր.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AM/Գեղարքունիք
  out=AM_Գեղարքունիք.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AM/Երևան
  out=AM_Երևան.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AM/Լոռի
  out=AM_Լոռի.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AM/Կոտայք
  out=AM_Կոտայք.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AM/Շիրակ
  out=AM_Շիրակ.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AM/Սյունիք
  out=AM_Սյունիք.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AM/Վայոց ձոր
  out=AM_Վայոց ձոր.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AM/Տավուշ
  out=AM_Տավուշ.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AO
  out=AO.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AQ
  out=AQ.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AR
  out=AR.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AR/Buenos Aires
  out=AR_Buenos Aires.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AR/Catamarca
  out=AR_Catamarca.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AR/Chaco
  out=AR_Chaco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AR/Chubut
  out=AR_Chubut.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AR/Ciudad Autónoma de Buenos Aires
  out=AR_Ciudad Autónoma de Buenos Aires.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AR/Corrientes
  out=AR_Corrientes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AR/Córdoba
  out=AR_Córdoba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AR/Entre Ríos
  out=AR_Entre Ríos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AR/Formosa
  out=AR_Formosa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AR/Jujuy
  out=AR_Jujuy.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AR/La Pampa
  out=AR_La Pampa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AR/La Rioja
  out=AR_La Rioja.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AR/Mendoza
  out=AR_Mendoza.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AR/Misiones
  out=AR_Misiones.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AR/Neuquén
  out=AR_Neuquén.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AR/Río Negro
  out=AR_Río Negro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AR/Salta
  out=AR_Salta.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AR/San Juan
  out=AR_San Juan.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AR/San Luis
  out=AR_San Luis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AR/Santa Cruz
  out=AR_Santa Cruz.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AR/Santa Fe
  out=AR_Santa Fe.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AR/Santiago del Estero
  out=AR_Santiago del Estero.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AR/Tierra del Fuego
  out=AR_Tierra del Fuego.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AR/Tucumán
  out=AR_Tucumán.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AS
  out=AS.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AT
  out=AT.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AU
  out=AU.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AU/ACT
  out=AU_ACT.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AU/NSW
  out=AU_NSW.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AU/NT
  out=AU_NT.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AU/QLD
  out=AU_QLD.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AU/SA
  out=AU_SA.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AU/TAS
  out=AU_TAS.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AU/VIC
  out=AU_VIC.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AU/WA
  out=AU_WA.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AW
  out=AW.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AX
  out=AX.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/AZ
  out=AZ.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BA
  out=BA.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BB
  out=BB.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BD
  out=BD.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BE
  out=BE.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BF
  out=BF.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BG
  out=BG.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BH
  out=BH.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BI
  out=BI.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BJ
  out=BJ.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BL
  out=BL.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BM
  out=BM.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BN
  out=BN.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BO
  out=BO.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BQ
  out=BQ.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR
  out=BR.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AC
  out=BR_AC.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AC/Acrelândia
  out=BR_AC_Acrelândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AC/Assis Brasil
  out=BR_AC_Assis Brasil.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AC/Brasiléia
  out=BR_AC_Brasiléia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AC/Bujari
  out=BR_AC_Bujari.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AC/Capixaba
  out=BR_AC_Capixaba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AC/Cruzeiro do Sul
  out=BR_AC_Cruzeiro do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AC/Epitaciolândia
  out=BR_AC_Epitaciolândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AC/Feijó
  out=BR_AC_Feijó.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AC/Jordão
  out=BR_AC_Jordão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AC/Manoel Urbano
  out=BR_AC_Manoel Urbano.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AC/Marechal Thaumaturgo
  out=BR_AC_Marechal Thaumaturgo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AC/Mâncio Lima
  out=BR_AC_Mâncio Lima.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AC/Plácido de Castro
  out=BR_AC_Plácido de Castro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AC/Porto Acre
  out=BR_AC_Porto Acre.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AC/Porto Walter
  out=BR_AC_Porto Walter.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AC/Rio Branco
  out=BR_AC_Rio Branco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AC/Rodrigues Alves
  out=BR_AC_Rodrigues Alves.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AC/Santa Rosa do Purus
  out=BR_AC_Santa Rosa do Purus.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AC/Sena Madureira
  out=BR_AC_Sena Madureira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AC/Senador Guiomard
  out=BR_AC_Senador Guiomard.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AC/Tarauacá
  out=BR_AC_Tarauacá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AC/Xapuri
  out=BR_AC_Xapuri.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL
  out=BR_AL.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Anadia
  out=BR_AL_Anadia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Arapiraca
  out=BR_AL_Arapiraca.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Atalaia
  out=BR_AL_Atalaia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Barra de Santo Antônio
  out=BR_AL_Barra de Santo Antônio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Barra de São Miguel
  out=BR_AL_Barra de São Miguel.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Batalha
  out=BR_AL_Batalha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Belo Monte
  out=BR_AL_Belo Monte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Belém
  out=BR_AL_Belém.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Boca da Mata
  out=BR_AL_Boca da Mata.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Branquinha
  out=BR_AL_Branquinha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Cacimbinhas
  out=BR_AL_Cacimbinhas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Cajueiro
  out=BR_AL_Cajueiro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Campestre
  out=BR_AL_Campestre.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Campo Alegre
  out=BR_AL_Campo Alegre.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Campo Grande
  out=BR_AL_Campo Grande.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Canapi
  out=BR_AL_Canapi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Capela
  out=BR_AL_Capela.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Carneiros
  out=BR_AL_Carneiros.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Chã Preta
  out=BR_AL_Chã Preta.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Coité do Nóia
  out=BR_AL_Coité do Nóia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Colônia Leopoldina
  out=BR_AL_Colônia Leopoldina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Coqueiro Seco
  out=BR_AL_Coqueiro Seco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Coruripe
  out=BR_AL_Coruripe.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Craíbas
  out=BR_AL_Craíbas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Delmiro Gouveia
  out=BR_AL_Delmiro Gouveia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Dois Riachos
  out=BR_AL_Dois Riachos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Estrela de Alagoas
  out=BR_AL_Estrela de Alagoas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Feira Grande
  out=BR_AL_Feira Grande.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Feliz Deserto
  out=BR_AL_Feliz Deserto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Flexeiras
  out=BR_AL_Flexeiras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Girau do Ponciano
  out=BR_AL_Girau do Ponciano.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Ibateguara
  out=BR_AL_Ibateguara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Igaci
  out=BR_AL_Igaci.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Igreja Nova
  out=BR_AL_Igreja Nova.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Inhapi
  out=BR_AL_Inhapi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Jacaré dos Homens
  out=BR_AL_Jacaré dos Homens.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Jacuípe
  out=BR_AL_Jacuípe.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Japaratinga
  out=BR_AL_Japaratinga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Jaramataia
  out=BR_AL_Jaramataia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Jequiá da Praia
  out=BR_AL_Jequiá da Praia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Joaquim Gomes
  out=BR_AL_Joaquim Gomes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Jundiá
  out=BR_AL_Jundiá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Junqueiro
  out=BR_AL_Junqueiro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Lagoa da Canoa
  out=BR_AL_Lagoa da Canoa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Limoeiro de Anadia
  out=BR_AL_Limoeiro de Anadia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Maceió
  out=BR_AL_Maceió.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Major Isidoro
  out=BR_AL_Major Isidoro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Mar Vermelho
  out=BR_AL_Mar Vermelho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Maragogi
  out=BR_AL_Maragogi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Maravilha
  out=BR_AL_Maravilha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Marechal Deodoro
  out=BR_AL_Marechal Deodoro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Maribondo
  out=BR_AL_Maribondo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Mata Grande
  out=BR_AL_Mata Grande.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Matriz de Camaragibe
  out=BR_AL_Matriz de Camaragibe.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Messias
  out=BR_AL_Messias.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Minador do Negrão
  out=BR_AL_Minador do Negrão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Monteirópolis
  out=BR_AL_Monteirópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Murici
  out=BR_AL_Murici.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Novo Lino
  out=BR_AL_Novo Lino.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Olho d'Água Grande
  out=BR_AL_Olho d'Água Grande.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Olho d'Água das Flores
  out=BR_AL_Olho d'Água das Flores.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Olho d'Água do Casado
  out=BR_AL_Olho d'Água do Casado.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Olivença
  out=BR_AL_Olivença.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Ouro Branco
  out=BR_AL_Ouro Branco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Palestina
  out=BR_AL_Palestina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Palmeira dos Índios
  out=BR_AL_Palmeira dos Índios.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Pariconha
  out=BR_AL_Pariconha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Paripueira
  out=BR_AL_Paripueira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Passo de Camaragibe
  out=BR_AL_Passo de Camaragibe.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Paulo Jacinto
  out=BR_AL_Paulo Jacinto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Penedo
  out=BR_AL_Penedo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Piaçabuçu
  out=BR_AL_Piaçabuçu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Pilar
  out=BR_AL_Pilar.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Pindoba
  out=BR_AL_Pindoba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Piranhas
  out=BR_AL_Piranhas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Porto Calvo
  out=BR_AL_Porto Calvo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Porto Real do Colégio
  out=BR_AL_Porto Real do Colégio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Porto de Pedras
  out=BR_AL_Porto de Pedras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Poço das Trincheiras
  out=BR_AL_Poço das Trincheiras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Pão de Açúcar
  out=BR_AL_Pão de Açúcar.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Quebrangulo
  out=BR_AL_Quebrangulo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Rio Largo
  out=BR_AL_Rio Largo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Roteiro
  out=BR_AL_Roteiro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Santa Luzia do Norte
  out=BR_AL_Santa Luzia do Norte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Santana do Ipanema
  out=BR_AL_Santana do Ipanema.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Santana do Mundaú
  out=BR_AL_Santana do Mundaú.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Satuba
  out=BR_AL_Satuba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Senador Rui Palmeira
  out=BR_AL_Senador Rui Palmeira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/São Brás
  out=BR_AL_São Brás.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/São José da Laje
  out=BR_AL_São José da Laje.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/São José da Tapera
  out=BR_AL_São José da Tapera.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/São Luís do Quitunde
  out=BR_AL_São Luís do Quitunde.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/São Miguel dos Campos
  out=BR_AL_São Miguel dos Campos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/São Miguel dos Milagres
  out=BR_AL_São Miguel dos Milagres.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/São Sebastião
  out=BR_AL_São Sebastião.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Tanque d'Arca
  out=BR_AL_Tanque d'Arca.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Taquarana
  out=BR_AL_Taquarana.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Teotônio Vilela
  out=BR_AL_Teotônio Vilela.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Traipu
  out=BR_AL_Traipu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/União dos Palmares
  out=BR_AL_União dos Palmares.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Viçosa
  out=BR_AL_Viçosa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AL/Água Branca
  out=BR_AL_Água Branca.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AM
  out=BR_AM.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AM/Alvarães
  out=BR_AM_Alvarães.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AM/Amaturá
  out=BR_AM_Amaturá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AM/Anamã
  out=BR_AM_Anamã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AM/Anorí
  out=BR_AM_Anorí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AM/Apuí
  out=BR_AM_Apuí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AM/Atalaia do Norte
  out=BR_AM_Atalaia do Norte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AM/Autazes
  out=BR_AM_Autazes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AM/Barcelos
  out=BR_AM_Barcelos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AM/Barreirinha
  out=BR_AM_Barreirinha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AM/Benjamin Constant
  out=BR_AM_Benjamin Constant.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AM/Beruri
  out=BR_AM_Beruri.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AM/Boa Vista do Ramos
  out=BR_AM_Boa Vista do Ramos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AM/Boca do Acre
  out=BR_AM_Boca do Acre.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AM/Borba
  out=BR_AM_Borba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AM/Caapiranga
  out=BR_AM_Caapiranga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AM/Canutama
  out=BR_AM_Canutama.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AM/Carauari
  out=BR_AM_Carauari.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AM/Careiro
  out=BR_AM_Careiro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AM/Careiro da Várzea
  out=BR_AM_Careiro da Várzea.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AM/Coari
  out=BR_AM_Coari.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AM/Codajás
  out=BR_AM_Codajás.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AM/Eirunepé
  out=BR_AM_Eirunepé.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AM/Envira
  out=BR_AM_Envira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AM/Fonte Boa
  out=BR_AM_Fonte Boa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AM/Guajará
  out=BR_AM_Guajará.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AM/Humaitá
  out=BR_AM_Humaitá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AM/Ipixuna
  out=BR_AM_Ipixuna.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AM/Iranduba
  out=BR_AM_Iranduba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AM/Itacoatiara
  out=BR_AM_Itacoatiara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AM/Itamarati
  out=BR_AM_Itamarati.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AM/Itapiranga
  out=BR_AM_Itapiranga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AM/Japurá
  out=BR_AM_Japurá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AM/Jurua
  out=BR_AM_Jurua.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AM/Jutaí
  out=BR_AM_Jutaí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AM/Lábrea
  out=BR_AM_Lábrea.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AM/Manacapuru
  out=BR_AM_Manacapuru.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AM/Manaquiri
  out=BR_AM_Manaquiri.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AM/Manaus
  out=BR_AM_Manaus.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AM/Manicoré
  out=BR_AM_Manicoré.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AM/Maraã
  out=BR_AM_Maraã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AM/Maués
  out=BR_AM_Maués.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AM/Nhamundá
  out=BR_AM_Nhamundá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AM/Nova Olinda do Norte
  out=BR_AM_Nova Olinda do Norte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AM/Novo Airão
  out=BR_AM_Novo Airão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AM/Novo Aripuanã
  out=BR_AM_Novo Aripuanã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AM/Parintins
  out=BR_AM_Parintins.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AM/Pauini
  out=BR_AM_Pauini.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AM/Presidente Figueiredo
  out=BR_AM_Presidente Figueiredo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AM/Rio Preto da Eva
  out=BR_AM_Rio Preto da Eva.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AM/Santa Isabel do Rio Negro
  out=BR_AM_Santa Isabel do Rio Negro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AM/Santo Antônio do Içá
  out=BR_AM_Santo Antônio do Içá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AM/Silves
  out=BR_AM_Silves.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AM/São Gabriel da Cachoeira
  out=BR_AM_São Gabriel da Cachoeira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AM/São Paulo de Olivença
  out=BR_AM_São Paulo de Olivença.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AM/São Sebastião do Uatumã
  out=BR_AM_São Sebastião do Uatumã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AM/Tabatinga
  out=BR_AM_Tabatinga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AM/Tapauá
  out=BR_AM_Tapauá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AM/Tefé
  out=BR_AM_Tefé.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AM/Tonantins
  out=BR_AM_Tonantins.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AM/Uarini
  out=BR_AM_Uarini.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AM/Urucará
  out=BR_AM_Urucará.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AM/Urucurituba
  out=BR_AM_Urucurituba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AP
  out=BR_AP.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AP/Amapá
  out=BR_AP_Amapá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AP/Calçoene
  out=BR_AP_Calçoene.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AP/Cutias
  out=BR_AP_Cutias.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AP/Ferreira Gomes
  out=BR_AP_Ferreira Gomes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AP/Itaubal
  out=BR_AP_Itaubal.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AP/Laranjal do Jari
  out=BR_AP_Laranjal do Jari.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AP/Macapá
  out=BR_AP_Macapá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AP/Mazagão
  out=BR_AP_Mazagão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AP/Oiapoque
  out=BR_AP_Oiapoque.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AP/Pedra Branca do Amapari
  out=BR_AP_Pedra Branca do Amapari.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AP/Porto Grande
  out=BR_AP_Porto Grande.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AP/Pracuúba
  out=BR_AP_Pracuúba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AP/Santana
  out=BR_AP_Santana.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AP/Serra do Navio
  out=BR_AP_Serra do Navio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AP/Tartarugalzinho
  out=BR_AP_Tartarugalzinho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/AP/Vitória do Jari
  out=BR_AP_Vitória do Jari.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA
  out=BR_BA.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Abaré
  out=BR_BA_Abaré.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Abaíra
  out=BR_BA_Abaíra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Acajutiba
  out=BR_BA_Acajutiba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Adustina
  out=BR_BA_Adustina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Aiquara
  out=BR_BA_Aiquara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Alagoinhas
  out=BR_BA_Alagoinhas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Alcobaça
  out=BR_BA_Alcobaça.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Almadina
  out=BR_BA_Almadina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Amargosa
  out=BR_BA_Amargosa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Amélia Rodrigues
  out=BR_BA_Amélia Rodrigues.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/América Dourada
  out=BR_BA_América Dourada.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Anagé
  out=BR_BA_Anagé.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Andaraí
  out=BR_BA_Andaraí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Andorinha
  out=BR_BA_Andorinha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Angical
  out=BR_BA_Angical.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Anguera
  out=BR_BA_Anguera.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Antas
  out=BR_BA_Antas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Antônio Cardoso
  out=BR_BA_Antônio Cardoso.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Antônio Gonçalves
  out=BR_BA_Antônio Gonçalves.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Aporá
  out=BR_BA_Aporá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Apuarema
  out=BR_BA_Apuarema.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Aracatu
  out=BR_BA_Aracatu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Araci
  out=BR_BA_Araci.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Aramari
  out=BR_BA_Aramari.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Arataca
  out=BR_BA_Arataca.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Aratuípe
  out=BR_BA_Aratuípe.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Araças
  out=BR_BA_Araças.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Aurelino Leal
  out=BR_BA_Aurelino Leal.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Baianópolis
  out=BR_BA_Baianópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Baixa Grande
  out=BR_BA_Baixa Grande.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Banzaê
  out=BR_BA_Banzaê.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Barra
  out=BR_BA_Barra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Barra da Estiva
  out=BR_BA_Barra da Estiva.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Barra do Choça
  out=BR_BA_Barra do Choça.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Barra do Mendes
  out=BR_BA_Barra do Mendes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Barra do Rocha
  out=BR_BA_Barra do Rocha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Barreiras
  out=BR_BA_Barreiras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Barro Alto
  out=BR_BA_Barro Alto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Barro Preto
  out=BR_BA_Barro Preto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Barrocas
  out=BR_BA_Barrocas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Belmonte
  out=BR_BA_Belmonte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Belo Campo
  out=BR_BA_Belo Campo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Biritinga
  out=BR_BA_Biritinga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Boa Nova
  out=BR_BA_Boa Nova.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Boa Vista do Tupim
  out=BR_BA_Boa Vista do Tupim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Bom Jesus da Lapa
  out=BR_BA_Bom Jesus da Lapa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Bom Jesus da Serra
  out=BR_BA_Bom Jesus da Serra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Boninal
  out=BR_BA_Boninal.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Bonito
  out=BR_BA_Bonito.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Boquira
  out=BR_BA_Boquira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Botuporã
  out=BR_BA_Botuporã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Brejolândia
  out=BR_BA_Brejolândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Brejões
  out=BR_BA_Brejões.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Brotas de Macaúbas
  out=BR_BA_Brotas de Macaúbas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Brumado
  out=BR_BA_Brumado.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Buerarema
  out=BR_BA_Buerarema.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Buritirama
  out=BR_BA_Buritirama.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Caatiba
  out=BR_BA_Caatiba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Cabaceiras do Paraguaçu
  out=BR_BA_Cabaceiras do Paraguaçu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Cachoeira
  out=BR_BA_Cachoeira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Caculé
  out=BR_BA_Caculé.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Caetanos
  out=BR_BA_Caetanos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Caetité
  out=BR_BA_Caetité.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Cafarnaum
  out=BR_BA_Cafarnaum.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Cairu
  out=BR_BA_Cairu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Caldeirão Grande
  out=BR_BA_Caldeirão Grande.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Camacan
  out=BR_BA_Camacan.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Camamu
  out=BR_BA_Camamu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Camaçari
  out=BR_BA_Camaçari.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Campo Alegre de Lourdes
  out=BR_BA_Campo Alegre de Lourdes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Campo Formoso
  out=BR_BA_Campo Formoso.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/CanDeal
  out=BR_BA_CanDeal.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Canarana
  out=BR_BA_Canarana.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Canavieiras
  out=BR_BA_Canavieiras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Candeias
  out=BR_BA_Candeias.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Candiba
  out=BR_BA_Candiba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Cansanção
  out=BR_BA_Cansanção.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Canudos
  out=BR_BA_Canudos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Canápolis
  out=BR_BA_Canápolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Capela do Alto Alegre
  out=BR_BA_Capela do Alto Alegre.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Capim Grosso
  out=BR_BA_Capim Grosso.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Caravelas
  out=BR_BA_Caravelas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Caraíbas
  out=BR_BA_Caraíbas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Cardeal da Silva
  out=BR_BA_Cardeal da Silva.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Carinhanha
  out=BR_BA_Carinhanha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Casa Nova
  out=BR_BA_Casa Nova.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Castro Alves
  out=BR_BA_Castro Alves.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Catolândia
  out=BR_BA_Catolândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Catu
  out=BR_BA_Catu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Caturama
  out=BR_BA_Caturama.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Caém
  out=BR_BA_Caém.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Central
  out=BR_BA_Central.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Chorrochó
  out=BR_BA_Chorrochó.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Cipó
  out=BR_BA_Cipó.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Coaraci
  out=BR_BA_Coaraci.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Cocos
  out=BR_BA_Cocos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Conceição da Feira
  out=BR_BA_Conceição da Feira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Conceição do Almeida
  out=BR_BA_Conceição do Almeida.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Conceição do Coité
  out=BR_BA_Conceição do Coité.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Conceição do Jacuípe
  out=BR_BA_Conceição do Jacuípe.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Conde
  out=BR_BA_Conde.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Condeúba
  out=BR_BA_Condeúba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Contendas do Sincorá
  out=BR_BA_Contendas do Sincorá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Coração de Maria
  out=BR_BA_Coração de Maria.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Cordeiros
  out=BR_BA_Cordeiros.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Coribe
  out=BR_BA_Coribe.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Coronel João Sá
  out=BR_BA_Coronel João Sá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Correntina
  out=BR_BA_Correntina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Cotegipe
  out=BR_BA_Cotegipe.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Cravolândia
  out=BR_BA_Cravolândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Cristópolis
  out=BR_BA_Cristópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Crisópolis
  out=BR_BA_Crisópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Cruz das Almas
  out=BR_BA_Cruz das Almas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Curaçá
  out=BR_BA_Curaçá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Cândido Sales
  out=BR_BA_Cândido Sales.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Cícero Dantas
  out=BR_BA_Cícero Dantas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Dias d'Ávila
  out=BR_BA_Dias d'Ávila.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Dom Basílio
  out=BR_BA_Dom Basílio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Dom Macedo Costa
  out=BR_BA_Dom Macedo Costa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Dário Meira
  out=BR_BA_Dário Meira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Elísio Medrado
  out=BR_BA_Elísio Medrado.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Encruzilhada
  out=BR_BA_Encruzilhada.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Entre Rios
  out=BR_BA_Entre Rios.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Esplanada
  out=BR_BA_Esplanada.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Euclides da Cunha
  out=BR_BA_Euclides da Cunha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Eunápolis
  out=BR_BA_Eunápolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Fatima
  out=BR_BA_Fatima.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Feira da Mata
  out=BR_BA_Feira da Mata.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Feira de Santana
  out=BR_BA_Feira de Santana.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Filadelfia
  out=BR_BA_Filadelfia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Firmino Alves
  out=BR_BA_Firmino Alves.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Floresta Azul
  out=BR_BA_Floresta Azul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Formosa do Rio Preto
  out=BR_BA_Formosa do Rio Preto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Gandu
  out=BR_BA_Gandu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Gavião
  out=BR_BA_Gavião.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Gentio do Ouro
  out=BR_BA_Gentio do Ouro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Glória
  out=BR_BA_Glória.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Gongogi
  out=BR_BA_Gongogi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Governador Mangabeira
  out=BR_BA_Governador Mangabeira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Guajeru
  out=BR_BA_Guajeru.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Guanambi
  out=BR_BA_Guanambi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Guaratinga
  out=BR_BA_Guaratinga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Heliopolis
  out=BR_BA_Heliopolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Iaçu
  out=BR_BA_Iaçu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Ibiassucê
  out=BR_BA_Ibiassucê.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Ibicaraí
  out=BR_BA_Ibicaraí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Ibicoara
  out=BR_BA_Ibicoara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Ibicuí
  out=BR_BA_Ibicuí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Ibipeba
  out=BR_BA_Ibipeba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Ibipitanga
  out=BR_BA_Ibipitanga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Ibiquera
  out=BR_BA_Ibiquera.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Ibirapitanga
  out=BR_BA_Ibirapitanga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Ibirapuã
  out=BR_BA_Ibirapuã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Ibirataia
  out=BR_BA_Ibirataia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Ibitiara
  out=BR_BA_Ibitiara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Ibititá
  out=BR_BA_Ibititá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Ibotirama
  out=BR_BA_Ibotirama.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Ichu
  out=BR_BA_Ichu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Igaporã
  out=BR_BA_Igaporã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Igrapiúna
  out=BR_BA_Igrapiúna.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Iguaí
  out=BR_BA_Iguaí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Ilhéus
  out=BR_BA_Ilhéus.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Inhambupe
  out=BR_BA_Inhambupe.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Ipecaetá
  out=BR_BA_Ipecaetá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Ipiaú
  out=BR_BA_Ipiaú.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Ipirá
  out=BR_BA_Ipirá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Ipupiara
  out=BR_BA_Ipupiara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Irajuba
  out=BR_BA_Irajuba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Iramaia
  out=BR_BA_Iramaia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Iraquara
  out=BR_BA_Iraquara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Irará
  out=BR_BA_Irará.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Irecê
  out=BR_BA_Irecê.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Itabela
  out=BR_BA_Itabela.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Itaberaba
  out=BR_BA_Itaberaba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Itabuna
  out=BR_BA_Itabuna.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Itacare
  out=BR_BA_Itacare.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Itaeté
  out=BR_BA_Itaeté.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Itagi
  out=BR_BA_Itagi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Itagibá
  out=BR_BA_Itagibá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Itagimirim
  out=BR_BA_Itagimirim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Itaguaçu da Bahia
  out=BR_BA_Itaguaçu da Bahia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Itaju do Colônia
  out=BR_BA_Itaju do Colônia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Itajuípe
  out=BR_BA_Itajuípe.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Itamaraju
  out=BR_BA_Itamaraju.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Itamari
  out=BR_BA_Itamari.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Itambé
  out=BR_BA_Itambé.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Itanagra
  out=BR_BA_Itanagra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Itanhém
  out=BR_BA_Itanhém.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Itaparica
  out=BR_BA_Itaparica.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Itapebi
  out=BR_BA_Itapebi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Itapetinga
  out=BR_BA_Itapetinga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Itapicuru
  out=BR_BA_Itapicuru.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Itapitanga
  out=BR_BA_Itapitanga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Itapé
  out=BR_BA_Itapé.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Itaquara
  out=BR_BA_Itaquara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Itarantim
  out=BR_BA_Itarantim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Itatim
  out=BR_BA_Itatim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Itiruçu
  out=BR_BA_Itiruçu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Itiúba
  out=BR_BA_Itiúba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Itororó
  out=BR_BA_Itororó.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Ituaçu
  out=BR_BA_Ituaçu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Ituberá
  out=BR_BA_Ituberá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Iuiú
  out=BR_BA_Iuiú.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Jaborandi
  out=BR_BA_Jaborandi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Jacaraci
  out=BR_BA_Jacaraci.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Jacobina
  out=BR_BA_Jacobina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Jaguaquara
  out=BR_BA_Jaguaquara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Jaguarari
  out=BR_BA_Jaguarari.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Jaguaripe
  out=BR_BA_Jaguaripe.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Jandaíra
  out=BR_BA_Jandaíra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Jequié
  out=BR_BA_Jequié.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Jeremoabo
  out=BR_BA_Jeremoabo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Jiquiriçá
  out=BR_BA_Jiquiriçá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Jitaúna
  out=BR_BA_Jitaúna.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/João Dourado
  out=BR_BA_João Dourado.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Juazeiro
  out=BR_BA_Juazeiro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Jucuruçu
  out=BR_BA_Jucuruçu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Jussara
  out=BR_BA_Jussara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Jussari
  out=BR_BA_Jussari.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Jussiape
  out=BR_BA_Jussiape.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Lafaiete Coutinho
  out=BR_BA_Lafaiete Coutinho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Lagoa Real
  out=BR_BA_Lagoa Real.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Laje
  out=BR_BA_Laje.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Lajedinho
  out=BR_BA_Lajedinho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Lajedo do Tabocal
  out=BR_BA_Lajedo do Tabocal.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Lajedão
  out=BR_BA_Lajedão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Lamarão
  out=BR_BA_Lamarão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Lapão
  out=BR_BA_Lapão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Lauro de Freitas
  out=BR_BA_Lauro de Freitas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Lençóis
  out=BR_BA_Lençóis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Licínio de Almeida
  out=BR_BA_Licínio de Almeida.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Livramento de Nossa Senhora
  out=BR_BA_Livramento de Nossa Senhora.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Luís Eduardo Magalhães
  out=BR_BA_Luís Eduardo Magalhães.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Macajuba
  out=BR_BA_Macajuba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Macarani
  out=BR_BA_Macarani.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Macaúbas
  out=BR_BA_Macaúbas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Macururé
  out=BR_BA_Macururé.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Madre de Deus
  out=BR_BA_Madre de Deus.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Maetinga
  out=BR_BA_Maetinga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Maiquinique
  out=BR_BA_Maiquinique.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Mairi
  out=BR_BA_Mairi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Malhada
  out=BR_BA_Malhada.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Malhada de Pedras
  out=BR_BA_Malhada de Pedras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Manoel Vitorino
  out=BR_BA_Manoel Vitorino.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Mansidão
  out=BR_BA_Mansidão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Maracas
  out=BR_BA_Maracas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Maragogipe
  out=BR_BA_Maragogipe.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Maraú
  out=BR_BA_Maraú.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Marcionílio Souza
  out=BR_BA_Marcionílio Souza.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Mascote
  out=BR_BA_Mascote.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Mata de São João
  out=BR_BA_Mata de São João.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Matina
  out=BR_BA_Matina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Medeiros Neto
  out=BR_BA_Medeiros Neto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Miguel Calmon
  out=BR_BA_Miguel Calmon.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Milagres
  out=BR_BA_Milagres.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Mirangaba
  out=BR_BA_Mirangaba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Mirante
  out=BR_BA_Mirante.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Monte Santo
  out=BR_BA_Monte Santo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Morpará
  out=BR_BA_Morpará.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Morro do Chapéu
  out=BR_BA_Morro do Chapéu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Mortugaba
  out=BR_BA_Mortugaba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Mucugê
  out=BR_BA_Mucugê.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Mucuri
  out=BR_BA_Mucuri.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Mulungu do Morro
  out=BR_BA_Mulungu do Morro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Mundo Novo
  out=BR_BA_Mundo Novo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Muniz Ferreira
  out=BR_BA_Muniz Ferreira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Muquém de São Francisco
  out=BR_BA_Muquém de São Francisco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Muritiba
  out=BR_BA_Muritiba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Mutuípe
  out=BR_BA_Mutuípe.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Nazaré
  out=BR_BA_Nazaré.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Nilo Peçanha
  out=BR_BA_Nilo Peçanha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Nordestina
  out=BR_BA_Nordestina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Nova Canaã
  out=BR_BA_Nova Canaã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Nova Fátima
  out=BR_BA_Nova Fátima.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Nova Ibiá
  out=BR_BA_Nova Ibiá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Nova Itarana
  out=BR_BA_Nova Itarana.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Nova Redenção
  out=BR_BA_Nova Redenção.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Nova Soure
  out=BR_BA_Nova Soure.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Nova Viçosa
  out=BR_BA_Nova Viçosa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Novo Horizonte
  out=BR_BA_Novo Horizonte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Novo Triunfo
  out=BR_BA_Novo Triunfo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Olindina
  out=BR_BA_Olindina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Oliveira dos Brejinhos
  out=BR_BA_Oliveira dos Brejinhos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Ouriçangas
  out=BR_BA_Ouriçangas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Ourolândia
  out=BR_BA_Ourolândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Palmas de Monte Alto
  out=BR_BA_Palmas de Monte Alto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Palmeiras
  out=BR_BA_Palmeiras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Paramirim
  out=BR_BA_Paramirim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Paratinga
  out=BR_BA_Paratinga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Paripiranga
  out=BR_BA_Paripiranga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Pau Brasil
  out=BR_BA_Pau Brasil.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Paulo Afonso
  out=BR_BA_Paulo Afonso.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Pedro Alexandre
  out=BR_BA_Pedro Alexandre.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Pedrão
  out=BR_BA_Pedrão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Piatã
  out=BR_BA_Piatã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Pilão Arcado
  out=BR_BA_Pilão Arcado.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Pindaí
  out=BR_BA_Pindaí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Pindobaçu
  out=BR_BA_Pindobaçu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Pintadas
  out=BR_BA_Pintadas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Piraí do Norte
  out=BR_BA_Piraí do Norte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Piripá
  out=BR_BA_Piripá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Piritiba
  out=BR_BA_Piritiba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Planaltino
  out=BR_BA_Planaltino.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Planalto
  out=BR_BA_Planalto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Pojuca
  out=BR_BA_Pojuca.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Ponto Novo
  out=BR_BA_Ponto Novo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Porto Seguro
  out=BR_BA_Porto Seguro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Potiraguá
  out=BR_BA_Potiraguá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Poções
  out=BR_BA_Poções.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Prado
  out=BR_BA_Prado.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Presidente Dutra
  out=BR_BA_Presidente Dutra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Presidente Jânio Quadros
  out=BR_BA_Presidente Jânio Quadros.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Presidente Tancredo Neves
  out=BR_BA_Presidente Tancredo Neves.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Pé de Serra
  out=BR_BA_Pé de Serra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Queimadas
  out=BR_BA_Queimadas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Quijingue
  out=BR_BA_Quijingue.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Quixabeira
  out=BR_BA_Quixabeira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Rafael Jambeiro
  out=BR_BA_Rafael Jambeiro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Remanso
  out=BR_BA_Remanso.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Retirolândia
  out=BR_BA_Retirolândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Riacho de Santana
  out=BR_BA_Riacho de Santana.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Riachão das Neves
  out=BR_BA_Riachão das Neves.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Riachão do Jacuípe
  out=BR_BA_Riachão do Jacuípe.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Ribeira do Amparo
  out=BR_BA_Ribeira do Amparo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Ribeira do Pombal
  out=BR_BA_Ribeira do Pombal.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Ribeirão do Largo
  out=BR_BA_Ribeirão do Largo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Rio Real
  out=BR_BA_Rio Real.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Rio de Contas
  out=BR_BA_Rio de Contas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Rio do Antônio
  out=BR_BA_Rio do Antônio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Rio do Pires
  out=BR_BA_Rio do Pires.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Rodelas
  out=BR_BA_Rodelas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Ruy Barbosa
  out=BR_BA_Ruy Barbosa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Salinas da Margarida
  out=BR_BA_Salinas da Margarida.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Salvador
  out=BR_BA_Salvador.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Santa Brigida
  out=BR_BA_Santa Brigida.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Santa Bárbara
  out=BR_BA_Santa Bárbara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Santa Cruz Cabrália
  out=BR_BA_Santa Cruz Cabrália.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Santa Cruz da Vitória
  out=BR_BA_Santa Cruz da Vitória.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Santa Inês
  out=BR_BA_Santa Inês.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Santa Luzia
  out=BR_BA_Santa Luzia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Santa Maria da Vitória
  out=BR_BA_Santa Maria da Vitória.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Santa Rita de Cássia
  out=BR_BA_Santa Rita de Cássia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Santa Teresinha
  out=BR_BA_Santa Teresinha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Santaluz
  out=BR_BA_Santaluz.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Santana
  out=BR_BA_Santana.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Santanópolis
  out=BR_BA_Santanópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Santo Amaro
  out=BR_BA_Santo Amaro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Santo Antônio de Jesus
  out=BR_BA_Santo Antônio de Jesus.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Santo Estêvão
  out=BR_BA_Santo Estêvão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Sapeaçu
  out=BR_BA_Sapeaçu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Saubara
  out=BR_BA_Saubara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Saúde
  out=BR_BA_Saúde.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Seabra
  out=BR_BA_Seabra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Sebastião Laranjeiras
  out=BR_BA_Sebastião Laranjeiras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Senhor do Bonfim
  out=BR_BA_Senhor do Bonfim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Sento Sé
  out=BR_BA_Sento Sé.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Serra Dourada
  out=BR_BA_Serra Dourada.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Serra do Ramalho
  out=BR_BA_Serra do Ramalho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Serra preta
  out=BR_BA_Serra preta.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Serrinha
  out=BR_BA_Serrinha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Serrolândia
  out=BR_BA_Serrolândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Simões Filho
  out=BR_BA_Simões Filho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Sobradinho
  out=BR_BA_Sobradinho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Souto Soares
  out=BR_BA_Souto Soares.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Sátiro Dias
  out=BR_BA_Sátiro Dias.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/São Desidério
  out=BR_BA_São Desidério.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/São Domingos
  out=BR_BA_São Domingos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/São Felipe
  out=BR_BA_São Felipe.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/São Francisco do Conde
  out=BR_BA_São Francisco do Conde.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/São Félix
  out=BR_BA_São Félix.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/São Félix do Coribe
  out=BR_BA_São Félix do Coribe.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/São Gabriel
  out=BR_BA_São Gabriel.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/São Gonçalo dos Campos
  out=BR_BA_São Gonçalo dos Campos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/São José da Vitória
  out=BR_BA_São José da Vitória.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/São José do Jacuípe
  out=BR_BA_São José do Jacuípe.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/São Miguel das Matas
  out=BR_BA_São Miguel das Matas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/São Sebastião do Passé
  out=BR_BA_São Sebastião do Passé.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Sítio do Mato
  out=BR_BA_Sítio do Mato.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Sítio do Quinto
  out=BR_BA_Sítio do Quinto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Tabocas do Brejo Velho
  out=BR_BA_Tabocas do Brejo Velho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Tanhaçu
  out=BR_BA_Tanhaçu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Tanque Novo
  out=BR_BA_Tanque Novo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Tanquinho
  out=BR_BA_Tanquinho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Taperoá
  out=BR_BA_Taperoá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Tapiramutá
  out=BR_BA_Tapiramutá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Teixeira de Freitas
  out=BR_BA_Teixeira de Freitas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Teodoro Sampaio
  out=BR_BA_Teodoro Sampaio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Teofilândia
  out=BR_BA_Teofilândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Teolândia
  out=BR_BA_Teolândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Terra Nova
  out=BR_BA_Terra Nova.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Tremedal
  out=BR_BA_Tremedal.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Tucano
  out=BR_BA_Tucano.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Uauá
  out=BR_BA_Uauá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Ubaitaba
  out=BR_BA_Ubaitaba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Ubatã
  out=BR_BA_Ubatã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Ubaíra
  out=BR_BA_Ubaíra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Uibaí
  out=BR_BA_Uibaí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Umburanas
  out=BR_BA_Umburanas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Una
  out=BR_BA_Una.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Urandi
  out=BR_BA_Urandi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Uruçuca
  out=BR_BA_Uruçuca.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Utinga
  out=BR_BA_Utinga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Valente
  out=BR_BA_Valente.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Valença
  out=BR_BA_Valença.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Varzedo
  out=BR_BA_Varzedo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Vera Cruz
  out=BR_BA_Vera Cruz.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Vereda
  out=BR_BA_Vereda.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Vitória da Conquista
  out=BR_BA_Vitória da Conquista.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Várzea Nova
  out=BR_BA_Várzea Nova.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Várzea da Roça
  out=BR_BA_Várzea da Roça.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Várzea do Poço
  out=BR_BA_Várzea do Poço.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Wagner
  out=BR_BA_Wagner.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Wanderley
  out=BR_BA_Wanderley.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Wenceslau Guimarães
  out=BR_BA_Wenceslau Guimarães.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Xique-Xique
  out=BR_BA_Xique-Xique.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Água Fria
  out=BR_BA_Água Fria.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/BA/Érico Cardoso
  out=BR_BA_Érico Cardoso.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE
  out=BR_CE.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Abaiara
  out=BR_CE_Abaiara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Acarape
  out=BR_CE_Acarape.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Acaraú
  out=BR_CE_Acaraú.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Acopiara
  out=BR_CE_Acopiara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Aiuaba
  out=BR_CE_Aiuaba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Alcântaras
  out=BR_CE_Alcântaras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Altaneira
  out=BR_CE_Altaneira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Alto Santo
  out=BR_CE_Alto Santo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Amontada
  out=BR_CE_Amontada.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Antonina do Norte
  out=BR_CE_Antonina do Norte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Apuiarés
  out=BR_CE_Apuiarés.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Aquiraz
  out=BR_CE_Aquiraz.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Aracati
  out=BR_CE_Aracati.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Aracoiaba
  out=BR_CE_Aracoiaba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Ararendá
  out=BR_CE_Ararendá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Araripe
  out=BR_CE_Araripe.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Aratuba
  out=BR_CE_Aratuba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Arneiroz
  out=BR_CE_Arneiroz.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Assaré
  out=BR_CE_Assaré.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Aurora
  out=BR_CE_Aurora.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Baixio
  out=BR_CE_Baixio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Banabuiú
  out=BR_CE_Banabuiú.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Barbalha
  out=BR_CE_Barbalha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Barreira
  out=BR_CE_Barreira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Barro
  out=BR_CE_Barro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Barroquinha
  out=BR_CE_Barroquinha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Baturité
  out=BR_CE_Baturité.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Beberibe
  out=BR_CE_Beberibe.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Bela Cruz
  out=BR_CE_Bela Cruz.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Boa Viagem
  out=BR_CE_Boa Viagem.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Brejo Santo
  out=BR_CE_Brejo Santo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Camocim
  out=BR_CE_Camocim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Campos Sales
  out=BR_CE_Campos Sales.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Canindé
  out=BR_CE_Canindé.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Capistrano
  out=BR_CE_Capistrano.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Caridade
  out=BR_CE_Caridade.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Caririaçú
  out=BR_CE_Caririaçú.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Cariré
  out=BR_CE_Cariré.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Cariús
  out=BR_CE_Cariús.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Carnaubal
  out=BR_CE_Carnaubal.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Cascavel
  out=BR_CE_Cascavel.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Catarina
  out=BR_CE_Catarina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Catunda
  out=BR_CE_Catunda.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Caucaia
  out=BR_CE_Caucaia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Cedro
  out=BR_CE_Cedro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Chaval
  out=BR_CE_Chaval.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Choro
  out=BR_CE_Choro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Chorozinho
  out=BR_CE_Chorozinho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Coreaú
  out=BR_CE_Coreaú.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Crateús
  out=BR_CE_Crateús.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Crato
  out=BR_CE_Crato.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Croatá
  out=BR_CE_Croatá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Cruz
  out=BR_CE_Cruz.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Deputado Irapuan Pinheiro
  out=BR_CE_Deputado Irapuan Pinheiro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Ererê
  out=BR_CE_Ererê.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Eusébio
  out=BR_CE_Eusébio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Farias Brito
  out=BR_CE_Farias Brito.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Forquilha
  out=BR_CE_Forquilha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Fortaleza
  out=BR_CE_Fortaleza.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Fortim
  out=BR_CE_Fortim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Frecheirinha
  out=BR_CE_Frecheirinha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/General Sampaio
  out=BR_CE_General Sampaio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Granja
  out=BR_CE_Granja.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Granjeiro
  out=BR_CE_Granjeiro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Graça
  out=BR_CE_Graça.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Groaíras
  out=BR_CE_Groaíras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Guaiúba
  out=BR_CE_Guaiúba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Guaraciaba do Norte
  out=BR_CE_Guaraciaba do Norte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Guaramiranga
  out=BR_CE_Guaramiranga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Hidrolândia
  out=BR_CE_Hidrolândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Horizonte
  out=BR_CE_Horizonte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Ibaretama
  out=BR_CE_Ibaretama.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Ibiapina
  out=BR_CE_Ibiapina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Ibicuitinga
  out=BR_CE_Ibicuitinga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Icapuí
  out=BR_CE_Icapuí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Ico
  out=BR_CE_Ico.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Iguatu
  out=BR_CE_Iguatu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Independencia
  out=BR_CE_Independencia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Ipaporanga
  out=BR_CE_Ipaporanga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Ipaumirim
  out=BR_CE_Ipaumirim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Ipueiras
  out=BR_CE_Ipueiras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Ipú
  out=BR_CE_Ipú.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Iracema
  out=BR_CE_Iracema.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Irauçuba
  out=BR_CE_Irauçuba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Itaitinga
  out=BR_CE_Itaitinga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Itaiçaba
  out=BR_CE_Itaiçaba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Itapagé
  out=BR_CE_Itapagé.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Itapipoca
  out=BR_CE_Itapipoca.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Itapiúna
  out=BR_CE_Itapiúna.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Itarema
  out=BR_CE_Itarema.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Itatira
  out=BR_CE_Itatira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Jaguaretama
  out=BR_CE_Jaguaretama.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Jaguaribara
  out=BR_CE_Jaguaribara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Jaguaribe
  out=BR_CE_Jaguaribe.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Jaguaruana
  out=BR_CE_Jaguaruana.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Jardim
  out=BR_CE_Jardim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Jati
  out=BR_CE_Jati.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Jijoca de Jericoacoara
  out=BR_CE_Jijoca de Jericoacoara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Juazeiro do Norte
  out=BR_CE_Juazeiro do Norte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Jucás
  out=BR_CE_Jucás.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Lavras da Mangabeira
  out=BR_CE_Lavras da Mangabeira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Limoeiro do Norte
  out=BR_CE_Limoeiro do Norte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Madalena
  out=BR_CE_Madalena.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Maracanaú
  out=BR_CE_Maracanaú.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Maranguape
  out=BR_CE_Maranguape.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Marco
  out=BR_CE_Marco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Martinópole
  out=BR_CE_Martinópole.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Massapê
  out=BR_CE_Massapê.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Mauriti
  out=BR_CE_Mauriti.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Meruoca
  out=BR_CE_Meruoca.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Milagres
  out=BR_CE_Milagres.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Milhã
  out=BR_CE_Milhã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Miraíma
  out=BR_CE_Miraíma.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Missão Velha
  out=BR_CE_Missão Velha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Mombaça
  out=BR_CE_Mombaça.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Monsenhor Tabosa
  out=BR_CE_Monsenhor Tabosa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Morada Nova
  out=BR_CE_Morada Nova.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Moraújo
  out=BR_CE_Moraújo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Morrinhos
  out=BR_CE_Morrinhos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Mucambo
  out=BR_CE_Mucambo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Mulungú
  out=BR_CE_Mulungú.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Nova Olinda
  out=BR_CE_Nova Olinda.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Nova Russas
  out=BR_CE_Nova Russas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Novo Oriente
  out=BR_CE_Novo Oriente.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Ocara
  out=BR_CE_Ocara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Orós
  out=BR_CE_Orós.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Pacajús
  out=BR_CE_Pacajús.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Pacatuba
  out=BR_CE_Pacatuba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Pacoti
  out=BR_CE_Pacoti.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Pacujá
  out=BR_CE_Pacujá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Palhano
  out=BR_CE_Palhano.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Palmácia
  out=BR_CE_Palmácia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Paracuru
  out=BR_CE_Paracuru.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Paraipaba
  out=BR_CE_Paraipaba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Parambu
  out=BR_CE_Parambu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Paramoti
  out=BR_CE_Paramoti.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Pedra Branca
  out=BR_CE_Pedra Branca.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Penaforte
  out=BR_CE_Penaforte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Pentecoste
  out=BR_CE_Pentecoste.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Pereiro
  out=BR_CE_Pereiro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Pindoretama
  out=BR_CE_Pindoretama.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Piquet Carneiro
  out=BR_CE_Piquet Carneiro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Pires Ferreira
  out=BR_CE_Pires Ferreira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Poranga
  out=BR_CE_Poranga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Porteiras
  out=BR_CE_Porteiras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Potengi
  out=BR_CE_Potengi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Potiretama
  out=BR_CE_Potiretama.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Quiterianópolis
  out=BR_CE_Quiterianópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Quixadá
  out=BR_CE_Quixadá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Quixelô
  out=BR_CE_Quixelô.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Quixeramobim
  out=BR_CE_Quixeramobim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Quixeré
  out=BR_CE_Quixeré.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Redenção
  out=BR_CE_Redenção.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Reriutaba
  out=BR_CE_Reriutaba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Russas
  out=BR_CE_Russas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Saboeiro
  out=BR_CE_Saboeiro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Salitre
  out=BR_CE_Salitre.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Santa Quitéria
  out=BR_CE_Santa Quitéria.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Santana do Acaraú
  out=BR_CE_Santana do Acaraú.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Santana do Cariri
  out=BR_CE_Santana do Cariri.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Senador Pompeu
  out=BR_CE_Senador Pompeu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Senador Sá
  out=BR_CE_Senador Sá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Sobral
  out=BR_CE_Sobral.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Solonópole
  out=BR_CE_Solonópole.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/São Benedito
  out=BR_CE_São Benedito.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/São Gonçalo do Amarante
  out=BR_CE_São Gonçalo do Amarante.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/São João do Jaguaribe
  out=BR_CE_São João do Jaguaribe.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/São Luís do Curu
  out=BR_CE_São Luís do Curu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Tabuleiro do Norte
  out=BR_CE_Tabuleiro do Norte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Tamboril
  out=BR_CE_Tamboril.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Tarrafas
  out=BR_CE_Tarrafas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Tauá
  out=BR_CE_Tauá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Tejuçuoca
  out=BR_CE_Tejuçuoca.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Tianguá
  out=BR_CE_Tianguá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Trairi
  out=BR_CE_Trairi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Tururu
  out=BR_CE_Tururu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Ubajara
  out=BR_CE_Ubajara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Umari
  out=BR_CE_Umari.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Umirim
  out=BR_CE_Umirim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Uruburetama
  out=BR_CE_Uruburetama.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Uruoca
  out=BR_CE_Uruoca.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Varjota
  out=BR_CE_Varjota.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Viçosa do Ceará
  out=BR_CE_Viçosa do Ceará.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/CE/Várzea Alegre
  out=BR_CE_Várzea Alegre.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/DF
  out=BR_DF.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/DF/Brasília
  out=BR_DF_Brasília.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES
  out=BR_ES.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Afonso Claudio
  out=BR_ES_Afonso Claudio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Alegre
  out=BR_ES_Alegre.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Alfredo Chaves
  out=BR_ES_Alfredo Chaves.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Alto Rio Novo
  out=BR_ES_Alto Rio Novo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Anchieta
  out=BR_ES_Anchieta.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Apiacá
  out=BR_ES_Apiacá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Aracruz
  out=BR_ES_Aracruz.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Atilio Vivaqua
  out=BR_ES_Atilio Vivaqua.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Baixo Guandu
  out=BR_ES_Baixo Guandu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Barra de São Francisco
  out=BR_ES_Barra de São Francisco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Boa Esperança
  out=BR_ES_Boa Esperança.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Bom Jesus do Norte
  out=BR_ES_Bom Jesus do Norte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Brejetuba
  out=BR_ES_Brejetuba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Cachoeiro de Itapemirim
  out=BR_ES_Cachoeiro de Itapemirim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Cariacica
  out=BR_ES_Cariacica.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Castelo
  out=BR_ES_Castelo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Colatina
  out=BR_ES_Colatina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Conceição da Barra
  out=BR_ES_Conceição da Barra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Conceição do Castelo
  out=BR_ES_Conceição do Castelo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Divino de São Lourenço
  out=BR_ES_Divino de São Lourenço.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Domingos Martins
  out=BR_ES_Domingos Martins.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Dores do Rio Preto
  out=BR_ES_Dores do Rio Preto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Ecoporanga
  out=BR_ES_Ecoporanga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Espírito Santo
  out=BR_ES_Espírito Santo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Fundão
  out=BR_ES_Fundão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Governador Lindenberg
  out=BR_ES_Governador Lindenberg.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Guarapari
  out=BR_ES_Guarapari.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Guaçuí
  out=BR_ES_Guaçuí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Ibatiba
  out=BR_ES_Ibatiba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Ibiraçu
  out=BR_ES_Ibiraçu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Ibitirama
  out=BR_ES_Ibitirama.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Iconha
  out=BR_ES_Iconha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Irupi
  out=BR_ES_Irupi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Itaguaçu
  out=BR_ES_Itaguaçu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Itapemirim
  out=BR_ES_Itapemirim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Itarana
  out=BR_ES_Itarana.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Iúna
  out=BR_ES_Iúna.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Jaguaré
  out=BR_ES_Jaguaré.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Jerônimo Monteiro
  out=BR_ES_Jerônimo Monteiro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/João Neiva
  out=BR_ES_João Neiva.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Laranja da Terra
  out=BR_ES_Laranja da Terra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Linhares
  out=BR_ES_Linhares.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Mantenópolis
  out=BR_ES_Mantenópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Marataízes
  out=BR_ES_Marataízes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Marechal Floriano
  out=BR_ES_Marechal Floriano.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Marilândia
  out=BR_ES_Marilândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Mimoso do Sul
  out=BR_ES_Mimoso do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Montanha
  out=BR_ES_Montanha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Mucurici
  out=BR_ES_Mucurici.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Muniz Freire
  out=BR_ES_Muniz Freire.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Muqui
  out=BR_ES_Muqui.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Nova Venécia
  out=BR_ES_Nova Venécia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Pancas
  out=BR_ES_Pancas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Pedro Canário
  out=BR_ES_Pedro Canário.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Pinheiros
  out=BR_ES_Pinheiros.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Piúma
  out=BR_ES_Piúma.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Ponto Belo
  out=BR_ES_Ponto Belo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Presidente Kennedy
  out=BR_ES_Presidente Kennedy.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Rio Bananal
  out=BR_ES_Rio Bananal.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Rio Novo do Sul
  out=BR_ES_Rio Novo do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Santa Leopoldina
  out=BR_ES_Santa Leopoldina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Santa Maria de Jetibá
  out=BR_ES_Santa Maria de Jetibá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Santa Teresa
  out=BR_ES_Santa Teresa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Serra
  out=BR_ES_Serra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Sooretama
  out=BR_ES_Sooretama.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/São Domingos do Norte
  out=BR_ES_São Domingos do Norte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/São Gabriel da Palha
  out=BR_ES_São Gabriel da Palha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/São José do Calçado
  out=BR_ES_São José do Calçado.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/São Mateus
  out=BR_ES_São Mateus.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/São Roque do Canaã
  out=BR_ES_São Roque do Canaã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Vargem Alta
  out=BR_ES_Vargem Alta.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Venda Nova do Imigrante
  out=BR_ES_Venda Nova do Imigrante.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Viana
  out=BR_ES_Viana.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Vila Pavão
  out=BR_ES_Vila Pavão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Vila Valério
  out=BR_ES_Vila Valério.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Vila Velha
  out=BR_ES_Vila Velha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Vitória
  out=BR_ES_Vitória.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Água Doce do Norte
  out=BR_ES_Água Doce do Norte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/ES/Águia Branca
  out=BR_ES_Águia Branca.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO
  out=BR_GO.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Abadia de Goiás
  out=BR_GO_Abadia de Goiás.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Abadiânia
  out=BR_GO_Abadiânia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Acreúna
  out=BR_GO_Acreúna.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Adelândia
  out=BR_GO_Adelândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Alexânia
  out=BR_GO_Alexânia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Aloândia
  out=BR_GO_Aloândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Alto Horizonte
  out=BR_GO_Alto Horizonte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Alto Paraíso de Goiás
  out=BR_GO_Alto Paraíso de Goiás.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Alvorada do Norte
  out=BR_GO_Alvorada do Norte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Amaralina
  out=BR_GO_Amaralina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Americano do Brasil
  out=BR_GO_Americano do Brasil.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Amorinópolis
  out=BR_GO_Amorinópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Anhanguera
  out=BR_GO_Anhanguera.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Anicuns
  out=BR_GO_Anicuns.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Anápolis
  out=BR_GO_Anápolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Aparecida de Goiânia
  out=BR_GO_Aparecida de Goiânia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Aparecida do Rio Doce
  out=BR_GO_Aparecida do Rio Doce.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Aporé
  out=BR_GO_Aporé.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Aragarças
  out=BR_GO_Aragarças.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Aragoiânia
  out=BR_GO_Aragoiânia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Araguapaz
  out=BR_GO_Araguapaz.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Araçu
  out=BR_GO_Araçu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Arenópolis
  out=BR_GO_Arenópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Aruanã
  out=BR_GO_Aruanã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Aurilândia
  out=BR_GO_Aurilândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Avelinópolis
  out=BR_GO_Avelinópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Baliza
  out=BR_GO_Baliza.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Barro Alto
  out=BR_GO_Barro Alto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Bela Vista de Goiás
  out=BR_GO_Bela Vista de Goiás.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Bom Jardim de Goiás
  out=BR_GO_Bom Jardim de Goiás.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Bom Jesus de Goiás
  out=BR_GO_Bom Jesus de Goiás.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Bonfinópolis
  out=BR_GO_Bonfinópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Bonópolis
  out=BR_GO_Bonópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Brazabrantes
  out=BR_GO_Brazabrantes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Britânia
  out=BR_GO_Britânia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Buriti Alegre
  out=BR_GO_Buriti Alegre.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Buriti de Goiás
  out=BR_GO_Buriti de Goiás.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Buritinópolis
  out=BR_GO_Buritinópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Cabeceiras
  out=BR_GO_Cabeceiras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Cachoeira Alta
  out=BR_GO_Cachoeira Alta.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Cachoeira Dourada
  out=BR_GO_Cachoeira Dourada.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Cachoeira de Goiás
  out=BR_GO_Cachoeira de Goiás.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Caiapônia
  out=BR_GO_Caiapônia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Caldas Novas
  out=BR_GO_Caldas Novas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Caldazinha
  out=BR_GO_Caldazinha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Campestre de Goiás
  out=BR_GO_Campestre de Goiás.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Campinaçu
  out=BR_GO_Campinaçu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Campinorte
  out=BR_GO_Campinorte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Campo Alegre de Goiás
  out=BR_GO_Campo Alegre de Goiás.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Campo Limpo de Goiás
  out=BR_GO_Campo Limpo de Goiás.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Campos Belos
  out=BR_GO_Campos Belos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Campos Verdes
  out=BR_GO_Campos Verdes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Carmo do Rio Verde
  out=BR_GO_Carmo do Rio Verde.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Castelândia
  out=BR_GO_Castelândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Catalão
  out=BR_GO_Catalão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Caturaí
  out=BR_GO_Caturaí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Cavalcante
  out=BR_GO_Cavalcante.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Caçu
  out=BR_GO_Caçu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Ceres
  out=BR_GO_Ceres.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Cezarina
  out=BR_GO_Cezarina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Chapadão do Céu
  out=BR_GO_Chapadão do Céu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Cidade Ocidental
  out=BR_GO_Cidade Ocidental.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Cocalzinho de Goiás
  out=BR_GO_Cocalzinho de Goiás.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Colinas do Sul
  out=BR_GO_Colinas do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Corumbaíba
  out=BR_GO_Corumbaíba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Corumbá de Goiás
  out=BR_GO_Corumbá de Goiás.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Cristalina
  out=BR_GO_Cristalina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Cristianópolis
  out=BR_GO_Cristianópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Crixás
  out=BR_GO_Crixás.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Cromínia
  out=BR_GO_Cromínia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Cumari
  out=BR_GO_Cumari.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Córrego do Ouro
  out=BR_GO_Córrego do Ouro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Damianópolis
  out=BR_GO_Damianópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Damolândia
  out=BR_GO_Damolândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Davinópolis
  out=BR_GO_Davinópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Diorama
  out=BR_GO_Diorama.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Divinópolis de Goiás
  out=BR_GO_Divinópolis de Goiás.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Doverlândia
  out=BR_GO_Doverlândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Edealina
  out=BR_GO_Edealina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Edéia
  out=BR_GO_Edéia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Estrela do Norte
  out=BR_GO_Estrela do Norte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Faina
  out=BR_GO_Faina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Fazenda Nova
  out=BR_GO_Fazenda Nova.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Firminópolis
  out=BR_GO_Firminópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Flores de Goiás
  out=BR_GO_Flores de Goiás.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Formosa
  out=BR_GO_Formosa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Formoso
  out=BR_GO_Formoso.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Gameleira de Goiás
  out=BR_GO_Gameleira de Goiás.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Goiandira
  out=BR_GO_Goiandira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Goianira
  out=BR_GO_Goianira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Goianápolis
  out=BR_GO_Goianápolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Goianésia
  out=BR_GO_Goianésia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Goiatuba
  out=BR_GO_Goiatuba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Goiás
  out=BR_GO_Goiás.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Goiânia
  out=BR_GO_Goiânia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Gouvelândia
  out=BR_GO_Gouvelândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Guapó
  out=BR_GO_Guapó.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Guarani de Goiás
  out=BR_GO_Guarani de Goiás.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Guaraíta
  out=BR_GO_Guaraíta.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Guarinos
  out=BR_GO_Guarinos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Heitoraí
  out=BR_GO_Heitoraí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Hidrolina
  out=BR_GO_Hidrolina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Hidrolândia
  out=BR_GO_Hidrolândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Iaciara
  out=BR_GO_Iaciara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Inaciolândia
  out=BR_GO_Inaciolândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Indiara
  out=BR_GO_Indiara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Inhumas
  out=BR_GO_Inhumas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Ipameri
  out=BR_GO_Ipameri.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Ipiranga de Goiás
  out=BR_GO_Ipiranga de Goiás.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Iporá
  out=BR_GO_Iporá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Israelândia
  out=BR_GO_Israelândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Itaberaí
  out=BR_GO_Itaberaí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Itaguari
  out=BR_GO_Itaguari.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Itaguaru
  out=BR_GO_Itaguaru.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Itajá
  out=BR_GO_Itajá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Itapaci
  out=BR_GO_Itapaci.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Itapirapuã
  out=BR_GO_Itapirapuã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Itapuranga
  out=BR_GO_Itapuranga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Itarumã
  out=BR_GO_Itarumã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Itauçu
  out=BR_GO_Itauçu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Itumbiara
  out=BR_GO_Itumbiara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Ivolândia
  out=BR_GO_Ivolândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Jandaia
  out=BR_GO_Jandaia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Jaraguá
  out=BR_GO_Jaraguá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Jataí
  out=BR_GO_Jataí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Jaupaci
  out=BR_GO_Jaupaci.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Jesúpolis
  out=BR_GO_Jesúpolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Joviânia
  out=BR_GO_Joviânia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Jussara
  out=BR_GO_Jussara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Lagoa Santa
  out=BR_GO_Lagoa Santa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Leopoldo de Bulhões
  out=BR_GO_Leopoldo de Bulhões.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Luziânia
  out=BR_GO_Luziânia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Mairipotaba
  out=BR_GO_Mairipotaba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Mambaí
  out=BR_GO_Mambaí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Mara Rosa
  out=BR_GO_Mara Rosa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Marzagão
  out=BR_GO_Marzagão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Matrinchã
  out=BR_GO_Matrinchã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Maurilândia
  out=BR_GO_Maurilândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Mimoso de Goiás
  out=BR_GO_Mimoso de Goiás.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Minaçu
  out=BR_GO_Minaçu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Mineiros
  out=BR_GO_Mineiros.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Moiporá
  out=BR_GO_Moiporá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Monte Alegre de Goiás
  out=BR_GO_Monte Alegre de Goiás.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Montes Claros de Goiás
  out=BR_GO_Montes Claros de Goiás.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Montividiu
  out=BR_GO_Montividiu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Montividiu do Norte
  out=BR_GO_Montividiu do Norte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Morrinhos
  out=BR_GO_Morrinhos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Morro Agudo de Goiás
  out=BR_GO_Morro Agudo de Goiás.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Mossâmedes
  out=BR_GO_Mossâmedes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Mozarlândia
  out=BR_GO_Mozarlândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Mundo Novo
  out=BR_GO_Mundo Novo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Mutunópolis
  out=BR_GO_Mutunópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Nazário
  out=BR_GO_Nazário.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Nerópolis
  out=BR_GO_Nerópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Niquelândia
  out=BR_GO_Niquelândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Nova América
  out=BR_GO_Nova América.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Nova Aurora
  out=BR_GO_Nova Aurora.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Nova Crixás
  out=BR_GO_Nova Crixás.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Nova Glória
  out=BR_GO_Nova Glória.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Nova Iguaçu de Goiás
  out=BR_GO_Nova Iguaçu de Goiás.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Nova Roma
  out=BR_GO_Nova Roma.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Nova Veneza
  out=BR_GO_Nova Veneza.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Novo Brasil
  out=BR_GO_Novo Brasil.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Novo Gama
  out=BR_GO_Novo Gama.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Novo Planalto
  out=BR_GO_Novo Planalto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Orizona
  out=BR_GO_Orizona.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Ouro Verde de Goiás
  out=BR_GO_Ouro Verde de Goiás.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Ouvidor
  out=BR_GO_Ouvidor.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Padre Bernardo
  out=BR_GO_Padre Bernardo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Palestina de Goiás
  out=BR_GO_Palestina de Goiás.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Palmeiras de Goiás
  out=BR_GO_Palmeiras de Goiás.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Palmelo
  out=BR_GO_Palmelo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Palminópolis
  out=BR_GO_Palminópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Panama
  out=BR_GO_Panama.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Paranaiguara
  out=BR_GO_Paranaiguara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Paraúna
  out=BR_GO_Paraúna.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Perolândia
  out=BR_GO_Perolândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Petrolina de Goiás
  out=BR_GO_Petrolina de Goiás.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Pilar de Goiás
  out=BR_GO_Pilar de Goiás.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Piracanjuba
  out=BR_GO_Piracanjuba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Piranhas
  out=BR_GO_Piranhas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Pirenópolis
  out=BR_GO_Pirenópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Pires do Rio
  out=BR_GO_Pires do Rio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Planaltina
  out=BR_GO_Planaltina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Pontalina
  out=BR_GO_Pontalina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Porangatu
  out=BR_GO_Porangatu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Porteirão
  out=BR_GO_Porteirão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Portelândia
  out=BR_GO_Portelândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Posse
  out=BR_GO_Posse.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Professor Jamil
  out=BR_GO_Professor Jamil.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Quirinópolis
  out=BR_GO_Quirinópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Rialma
  out=BR_GO_Rialma.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Rianápolis
  out=BR_GO_Rianápolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Rio Quente
  out=BR_GO_Rio Quente.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Rubiataba
  out=BR_GO_Rubiataba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Río Verde
  out=BR_GO_Río Verde.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Sanclerlândia
  out=BR_GO_Sanclerlândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Santa Bárbara de Goiás
  out=BR_GO_Santa Bárbara de Goiás.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Santa Cruz de Goiás
  out=BR_GO_Santa Cruz de Goiás.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Santa Fé de Goiás
  out=BR_GO_Santa Fé de Goiás.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Santa Helena de Goiás
  out=BR_GO_Santa Helena de Goiás.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Santa Isabel
  out=BR_GO_Santa Isabel.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Santa Rita do Araguaia
  out=BR_GO_Santa Rita do Araguaia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Santa Rita do Novo Destino
  out=BR_GO_Santa Rita do Novo Destino.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Santa Rosa de Goiás
  out=BR_GO_Santa Rosa de Goiás.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Santa Tereza de Goiás
  out=BR_GO_Santa Tereza de Goiás.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Santa Terezinha de Goiás
  out=BR_GO_Santa Terezinha de Goiás.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Santo Antônio da Barra
  out=BR_GO_Santo Antônio da Barra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Santo Antônio de Goiás
  out=BR_GO_Santo Antônio de Goiás.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Santo Antônio do Descoberto
  out=BR_GO_Santo Antônio do Descoberto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Senador Canedo
  out=BR_GO_Senador Canedo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Serranópolis
  out=BR_GO_Serranópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Silvania
  out=BR_GO_Silvania.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Simolândia
  out=BR_GO_Simolândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/São Domingos
  out=BR_GO_São Domingos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/São Francisco de Goiás
  out=BR_GO_São Francisco de Goiás.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/São João d'Aliança
  out=BR_GO_São João d'Aliança.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/São João da Paraúna
  out=BR_GO_São João da Paraúna.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/São Luís de Montes Belos
  out=BR_GO_São Luís de Montes Belos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/São Luíz do Norte
  out=BR_GO_São Luíz do Norte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/São Miguel do Araguaia
  out=BR_GO_São Miguel do Araguaia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/São Miguel do Passa Quatro
  out=BR_GO_São Miguel do Passa Quatro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/São Patrício
  out=BR_GO_São Patrício.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/São Simão
  out=BR_GO_São Simão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Sítio d'Abadia
  out=BR_GO_Sítio d'Abadia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Taquaral de Goiás
  out=BR_GO_Taquaral de Goiás.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Teresina de Goiás
  out=BR_GO_Teresina de Goiás.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Terezópolis de Goiás
  out=BR_GO_Terezópolis de Goiás.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Trindade
  out=BR_GO_Trindade.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Trombas
  out=BR_GO_Trombas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Três Ranchos
  out=BR_GO_Três Ranchos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Turvelândia
  out=BR_GO_Turvelândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Turvânia
  out=BR_GO_Turvânia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Uirapuru
  out=BR_GO_Uirapuru.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Uruana
  out=BR_GO_Uruana.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Uruaçu
  out=BR_GO_Uruaçu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Urutaí
  out=BR_GO_Urutaí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Valparaíso de Goiás
  out=BR_GO_Valparaíso de Goiás.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Varjão
  out=BR_GO_Varjão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Vianópolis
  out=BR_GO_Vianópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Vicentinópolis
  out=BR_GO_Vicentinópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Vila Boa
  out=BR_GO_Vila Boa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Vila Propício
  out=BR_GO_Vila Propício.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Água Fria de Goiás
  out=BR_GO_Água Fria de Goiás.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Água Limpa
  out=BR_GO_Água Limpa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/GO/Águas Lindas de Goiás
  out=BR_GO_Águas Lindas de Goiás.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA
  out=BR_MA.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Afonso Cunha
  out=BR_MA_Afonso Cunha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Alcântara
  out=BR_MA_Alcântara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Aldeias Altas
  out=BR_MA_Aldeias Altas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Altamira do Maranhão
  out=BR_MA_Altamira do Maranhão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Alto Alegre do Maranhão
  out=BR_MA_Alto Alegre do Maranhão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Alto Alegre do Pindaré
  out=BR_MA_Alto Alegre do Pindaré.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Alto Parnaíba
  out=BR_MA_Alto Parnaíba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Amapá do Maranhão
  out=BR_MA_Amapá do Maranhão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Amarante do Maranhão
  out=BR_MA_Amarante do Maranhão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Anajatuba
  out=BR_MA_Anajatuba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Anapurus
  out=BR_MA_Anapurus.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Apicum-Açu
  out=BR_MA_Apicum-Açu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Araguanã
  out=BR_MA_Araguanã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Araioses
  out=BR_MA_Araioses.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Arame
  out=BR_MA_Arame.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Arari
  out=BR_MA_Arari.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Axixá
  out=BR_MA_Axixá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Açailândia
  out=BR_MA_Açailândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Bacabal
  out=BR_MA_Bacabal.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Bacabeira
  out=BR_MA_Bacabeira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Bacuri
  out=BR_MA_Bacuri.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Bacurituba
  out=BR_MA_Bacurituba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Balsas
  out=BR_MA_Balsas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Barra do Corda
  out=BR_MA_Barra do Corda.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Barreirinhas
  out=BR_MA_Barreirinhas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Barão de Grajaú
  out=BR_MA_Barão de Grajaú.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Bela Vista do Maranhão
  out=BR_MA_Bela Vista do Maranhão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Belágua
  out=BR_MA_Belágua.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Benedito Leite
  out=BR_MA_Benedito Leite.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Bequimão
  out=BR_MA_Bequimão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Bernardo do Mearim
  out=BR_MA_Bernardo do Mearim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Boa Vista do Gurupi
  out=BR_MA_Boa Vista do Gurupi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Bom Jardim
  out=BR_MA_Bom Jardim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Bom Jesus das Selvas
  out=BR_MA_Bom Jesus das Selvas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Bom Lugar
  out=BR_MA_Bom Lugar.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Brejo
  out=BR_MA_Brejo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Brejo de Areia
  out=BR_MA_Brejo de Areia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Buriti
  out=BR_MA_Buriti.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Buriti Bravo
  out=BR_MA_Buriti Bravo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Buriticupu
  out=BR_MA_Buriticupu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Buritirama
  out=BR_MA_Buritirama.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Cachoeira Grande
  out=BR_MA_Cachoeira Grande.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Cajapió
  out=BR_MA_Cajapió.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Cajari
  out=BR_MA_Cajari.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Campestre do Maranhão
  out=BR_MA_Campestre do Maranhão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Cantanhede
  out=BR_MA_Cantanhede.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Capinzal do Norte
  out=BR_MA_Capinzal do Norte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Carolina
  out=BR_MA_Carolina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Carutapera
  out=BR_MA_Carutapera.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Caxias
  out=BR_MA_Caxias.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Cedral
  out=BR_MA_Cedral.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Central do Maranhão
  out=BR_MA_Central do Maranhão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Centro Novo do Maranhão
  out=BR_MA_Centro Novo do Maranhão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Centro do Guilherme
  out=BR_MA_Centro do Guilherme.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Chapadinha
  out=BR_MA_Chapadinha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Cidelândia
  out=BR_MA_Cidelândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Codó
  out=BR_MA_Codó.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Coelho Neto
  out=BR_MA_Coelho Neto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Colinas
  out=BR_MA_Colinas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Conceição do Lago-Açu
  out=BR_MA_Conceição do Lago-Açu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Coroatá
  out=BR_MA_Coroatá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Cururupu
  out=BR_MA_Cururupu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Cândido Mendes
  out=BR_MA_Cândido Mendes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Davinópolis
  out=BR_MA_Davinópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Dom Pedro
  out=BR_MA_Dom Pedro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Duque Bacelar
  out=BR_MA_Duque Bacelar.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Esperantinópolis
  out=BR_MA_Esperantinópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Estreito
  out=BR_MA_Estreito.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Feira Nova do Maranhão
  out=BR_MA_Feira Nova do Maranhão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Fernando Falcão
  out=BR_MA_Fernando Falcão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Formosa da Serra Negra
  out=BR_MA_Formosa da Serra Negra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Fortaleza dos Nogueiras
  out=BR_MA_Fortaleza dos Nogueiras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Fortuna
  out=BR_MA_Fortuna.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Godofredo Viana
  out=BR_MA_Godofredo Viana.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Gonçalves Dias
  out=BR_MA_Gonçalves Dias.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Governador Archer
  out=BR_MA_Governador Archer.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Governador Edison Lobão
  out=BR_MA_Governador Edison Lobão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Governador Eugênio Barros
  out=BR_MA_Governador Eugênio Barros.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Governador Luiz Rocha
  out=BR_MA_Governador Luiz Rocha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Governador Newton Bello
  out=BR_MA_Governador Newton Bello.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Governador Nunes Freire
  out=BR_MA_Governador Nunes Freire.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Grajaú
  out=BR_MA_Grajaú.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Graça Aranha
  out=BR_MA_Graça Aranha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Guimarães
  out=BR_MA_Guimarães.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Humberto de Campos
  out=BR_MA_Humberto de Campos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Icatu
  out=BR_MA_Icatu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Igarapé Grande
  out=BR_MA_Igarapé Grande.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Igarapé do Meio
  out=BR_MA_Igarapé do Meio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Imperatriz
  out=BR_MA_Imperatriz.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Itaipava do Grajaú
  out=BR_MA_Itaipava do Grajaú.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Itapecuru Mirim
  out=BR_MA_Itapecuru Mirim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Itinga do Maranhão
  out=BR_MA_Itinga do Maranhão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Jatobá
  out=BR_MA_Jatobá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Jenipapo dos Vieiras
  out=BR_MA_Jenipapo dos Vieiras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Joselândia
  out=BR_MA_Joselândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/João Lisboa
  out=BR_MA_João Lisboa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Junco do Maranhão
  out=BR_MA_Junco do Maranhão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Lago Verde
  out=BR_MA_Lago Verde.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Lago da Pedra
  out=BR_MA_Lago da Pedra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Lago do Junco
  out=BR_MA_Lago do Junco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Lago dos Rodrigues
  out=BR_MA_Lago dos Rodrigues.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Lagoa Grande do Maranhão
  out=BR_MA_Lagoa Grande do Maranhão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Lagoa do Mato
  out=BR_MA_Lagoa do Mato.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Lajeado Novo
  out=BR_MA_Lajeado Novo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Lima Campos
  out=BR_MA_Lima Campos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Loreto
  out=BR_MA_Loreto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Luís Domingues
  out=BR_MA_Luís Domingues.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Magalhães de Almeida
  out=BR_MA_Magalhães de Almeida.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Maracaçumé
  out=BR_MA_Maracaçumé.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Marajá do Sena
  out=BR_MA_Marajá do Sena.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Maranhãozinho
  out=BR_MA_Maranhãozinho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Mata Roma
  out=BR_MA_Mata Roma.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Matinha
  out=BR_MA_Matinha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Matões
  out=BR_MA_Matões.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Matões do Norte
  out=BR_MA_Matões do Norte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Milagres do Maranhão
  out=BR_MA_Milagres do Maranhão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Mirador
  out=BR_MA_Mirador.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Miranda do Norte
  out=BR_MA_Miranda do Norte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Mirinzal
  out=BR_MA_Mirinzal.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Montes Altos
  out=BR_MA_Montes Altos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Monção
  out=BR_MA_Monção.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Morros
  out=BR_MA_Morros.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Nina Rodrigues
  out=BR_MA_Nina Rodrigues.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Nova Colinas
  out=BR_MA_Nova Colinas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Nova Iorque
  out=BR_MA_Nova Iorque.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Nova Olinda do Maranhão
  out=BR_MA_Nova Olinda do Maranhão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Olho d'Água das Cunhãs
  out=BR_MA_Olho d'Água das Cunhãs.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Olinda Nova do Maranhão
  out=BR_MA_Olinda Nova do Maranhão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Palmeirândia
  out=BR_MA_Palmeirândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Paraibano
  out=BR_MA_Paraibano.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Parnarama
  out=BR_MA_Parnarama.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Passagem Franca
  out=BR_MA_Passagem Franca.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Pastos Bons
  out=BR_MA_Pastos Bons.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Paulino Neves
  out=BR_MA_Paulino Neves.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Paulo Ramos
  out=BR_MA_Paulo Ramos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Paço do Lumiar
  out=BR_MA_Paço do Lumiar.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Pedreiras
  out=BR_MA_Pedreiras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Pedro do Rosário
  out=BR_MA_Pedro do Rosário.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Penalva
  out=BR_MA_Penalva.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Peri Mirim
  out=BR_MA_Peri Mirim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Peritoró
  out=BR_MA_Peritoró.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Pindaré Mirim
  out=BR_MA_Pindaré Mirim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Pinheiro
  out=BR_MA_Pinheiro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Pio XII
  out=BR_MA_Pio XII.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Pirapemas
  out=BR_MA_Pirapemas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Porto Franco
  out=BR_MA_Porto Franco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Porto Rico do Maranhão
  out=BR_MA_Porto Rico do Maranhão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Poção de Pedras
  out=BR_MA_Poção de Pedras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Presidente Dutra
  out=BR_MA_Presidente Dutra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Presidente Juscelino
  out=BR_MA_Presidente Juscelino.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Presidente Médici
  out=BR_MA_Presidente Médici.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Presidente Sarney
  out=BR_MA_Presidente Sarney.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Presidente Vargas
  out=BR_MA_Presidente Vargas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Primeira Cruz
  out=BR_MA_Primeira Cruz.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Raposa
  out=BR_MA_Raposa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Riachão
  out=BR_MA_Riachão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Ribamar Fiquene
  out=BR_MA_Ribamar Fiquene.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Rosario
  out=BR_MA_Rosario.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Sambaíba
  out=BR_MA_Sambaíba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Santa Filomena do Maranhão
  out=BR_MA_Santa Filomena do Maranhão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Santa Helena
  out=BR_MA_Santa Helena.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Santa Inês
  out=BR_MA_Santa Inês.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Santa Luzia
  out=BR_MA_Santa Luzia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Santa Luzia do Paruá
  out=BR_MA_Santa Luzia do Paruá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Santa Quitéria do Maranhão
  out=BR_MA_Santa Quitéria do Maranhão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Santa Rita
  out=BR_MA_Santa Rita.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Santana do Maranhão
  out=BR_MA_Santana do Maranhão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Santo Amaro do Maranhão
  out=BR_MA_Santo Amaro do Maranhão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Santo Antônio dos Lopes
  out=BR_MA_Santo Antônio dos Lopes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Satubinha
  out=BR_MA_Satubinha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Senador Alexandre Costa
  out=BR_MA_Senador Alexandre Costa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Senador La Rocque
  out=BR_MA_Senador La Rocque.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Serrano do Maranhão
  out=BR_MA_Serrano do Maranhão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Sucupira do Norte
  out=BR_MA_Sucupira do Norte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Sucupira do Riachão
  out=BR_MA_Sucupira do Riachão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/São Benedito do Rio Preto
  out=BR_MA_São Benedito do Rio Preto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/São Bento
  out=BR_MA_São Bento.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/São Bernardo
  out=BR_MA_São Bernardo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/São Domingos do Azeitão
  out=BR_MA_São Domingos do Azeitão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/São Domingos do Maranhão
  out=BR_MA_São Domingos do Maranhão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/São Francisco do Brejão
  out=BR_MA_São Francisco do Brejão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/São Francisco do Maranhão
  out=BR_MA_São Francisco do Maranhão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/São Félix de Balsas
  out=BR_MA_São Félix de Balsas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/São José de Ribamar
  out=BR_MA_São José de Ribamar.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/São José dos Basílios
  out=BR_MA_São José dos Basílios.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/São João Batista
  out=BR_MA_São João Batista.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/São João do Carú
  out=BR_MA_São João do Carú.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/São João do Paraíso
  out=BR_MA_São João do Paraíso.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/São João do Soter
  out=BR_MA_São João do Soter.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/São João dos Patos
  out=BR_MA_São João dos Patos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/São Luís
  out=BR_MA_São Luís.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/São Luís Gonzaga do Maranhão
  out=BR_MA_São Luís Gonzaga do Maranhão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/São Mateus do Maranhão
  out=BR_MA_São Mateus do Maranhão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/São Pedro da Água Branca
  out=BR_MA_São Pedro da Água Branca.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/São Pedro dos Crentes
  out=BR_MA_São Pedro dos Crentes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/São Raimundo das Mangabeiras
  out=BR_MA_São Raimundo das Mangabeiras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/São Raimundo do Doca Bezerra
  out=BR_MA_São Raimundo do Doca Bezerra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/São Roberto
  out=BR_MA_São Roberto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/São Vicente Ferrer
  out=BR_MA_São Vicente Ferrer.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Sítio Novo
  out=BR_MA_Sítio Novo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Tasso Fragoso
  out=BR_MA_Tasso Fragoso.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Timbiras
  out=BR_MA_Timbiras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Timon
  out=BR_MA_Timon.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Trizidela do Vale
  out=BR_MA_Trizidela do Vale.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Tufilândia
  out=BR_MA_Tufilândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Tuntum
  out=BR_MA_Tuntum.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Turiaçu
  out=BR_MA_Turiaçu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Turilândia
  out=BR_MA_Turilândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Tutóia
  out=BR_MA_Tutóia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Urbano Santos
  out=BR_MA_Urbano Santos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Vargem Grande
  out=BR_MA_Vargem Grande.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Viana
  out=BR_MA_Viana.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Vila Nova dos Martírios
  out=BR_MA_Vila Nova dos Martírios.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Vitorino Freire
  out=BR_MA_Vitorino Freire.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Vitória do Mearim
  out=BR_MA_Vitória do Mearim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Zé Doca
  out=BR_MA_Zé Doca.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MA/Água Doce do Maranhão
  out=BR_MA_Água Doce do Maranhão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG
  out=BR_MG.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Abadia dos Dourados
  out=BR_MG_Abadia dos Dourados.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Abaeté
  out=BR_MG_Abaeté.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Abre Campo
  out=BR_MG_Abre Campo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Acaiaca
  out=BR_MG_Acaiaca.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Aguanil
  out=BR_MG_Aguanil.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Aimorés
  out=BR_MG_Aimorés.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Aiuruoca
  out=BR_MG_Aiuruoca.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Alagoa
  out=BR_MG_Alagoa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Albertina
  out=BR_MG_Albertina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Alfenas
  out=BR_MG_Alfenas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Alfredo Vasconcelos
  out=BR_MG_Alfredo Vasconcelos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Almenara
  out=BR_MG_Almenara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Alpercata
  out=BR_MG_Alpercata.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Alpinópolis
  out=BR_MG_Alpinópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Alterosa
  out=BR_MG_Alterosa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Alto Caparaó
  out=BR_MG_Alto Caparaó.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Alto Jequitibá
  out=BR_MG_Alto Jequitibá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Alto Rio Doce
  out=BR_MG_Alto Rio Doce.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Alvarenga
  out=BR_MG_Alvarenga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Alvinópolis
  out=BR_MG_Alvinópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Alvorada de Minas
  out=BR_MG_Alvorada de Minas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Além Paraíba
  out=BR_MG_Além Paraíba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Amparo do Serra
  out=BR_MG_Amparo do Serra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Andradas
  out=BR_MG_Andradas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Andrelândia
  out=BR_MG_Andrelândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Angelândia
  out=BR_MG_Angelândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Antônio Carlos
  out=BR_MG_Antônio Carlos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Antônio Dias
  out=BR_MG_Antônio Dias.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Antônio Prado de Minas
  out=BR_MG_Antônio Prado de Minas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Aracitaba
  out=BR_MG_Aracitaba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Araguari
  out=BR_MG_Araguari.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Arantina
  out=BR_MG_Arantina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Araponga
  out=BR_MG_Araponga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Araporã
  out=BR_MG_Araporã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Arapuá
  out=BR_MG_Arapuá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Araxá
  out=BR_MG_Araxá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Araçaí
  out=BR_MG_Araçaí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Araçuaí
  out=BR_MG_Araçuaí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Araújos
  out=BR_MG_Araújos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Arceburgo
  out=BR_MG_Arceburgo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Arcos
  out=BR_MG_Arcos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Areado
  out=BR_MG_Areado.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Argirita
  out=BR_MG_Argirita.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Aricanduva
  out=BR_MG_Aricanduva.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Arinos
  out=BR_MG_Arinos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Astolfo Dutra
  out=BR_MG_Astolfo Dutra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Ataléia
  out=BR_MG_Ataléia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Augusto de Lima
  out=BR_MG_Augusto de Lima.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Açucena
  out=BR_MG_Açucena.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Baependi
  out=BR_MG_Baependi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Baldim
  out=BR_MG_Baldim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Bambuí
  out=BR_MG_Bambuí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Bandeira
  out=BR_MG_Bandeira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Bandeira do Sul
  out=BR_MG_Bandeira do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Barbacena
  out=BR_MG_Barbacena.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Barra Longa
  out=BR_MG_Barra Longa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Barroso
  out=BR_MG_Barroso.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Barão de Cocais
  out=BR_MG_Barão de Cocais.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Barão de Monte Alto
  out=BR_MG_Barão de Monte Alto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Bela Vista de Minas
  out=BR_MG_Bela Vista de Minas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Belmiro Braga
  out=BR_MG_Belmiro Braga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Belo Horizonte
  out=BR_MG_Belo Horizonte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Belo Oriente
  out=BR_MG_Belo Oriente.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Belo Vale
  out=BR_MG_Belo Vale.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Berilo
  out=BR_MG_Berilo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Berizal
  out=BR_MG_Berizal.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Bertópolis
  out=BR_MG_Bertópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Betim
  out=BR_MG_Betim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Bias Fortes
  out=BR_MG_Bias Fortes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Bicas
  out=BR_MG_Bicas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Biquinhas
  out=BR_MG_Biquinhas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Boa Esperança
  out=BR_MG_Boa Esperança.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Bocaina de Minas
  out=BR_MG_Bocaina de Minas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Bocaiúva
  out=BR_MG_Bocaiúva.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Bom Despacho
  out=BR_MG_Bom Despacho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Bom Jardim de Minas
  out=BR_MG_Bom Jardim de Minas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Bom Jesus da Penha
  out=BR_MG_Bom Jesus da Penha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Bom Jesus do Amparo
  out=BR_MG_Bom Jesus do Amparo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Bom Jesus do Galho
  out=BR_MG_Bom Jesus do Galho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Bom Repouso
  out=BR_MG_Bom Repouso.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Bom Sucesso
  out=BR_MG_Bom Sucesso.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Bonfim
  out=BR_MG_Bonfim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Bonfinópolis de Minas
  out=BR_MG_Bonfinópolis de Minas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Bonito de Minas
  out=BR_MG_Bonito de Minas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Borda da Mata
  out=BR_MG_Borda da Mata.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Botelhos
  out=BR_MG_Botelhos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Botumirim
  out=BR_MG_Botumirim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Brasilândia de Minas
  out=BR_MG_Brasilândia de Minas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Brasopolis
  out=BR_MG_Brasopolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Brasília de Minas
  out=BR_MG_Brasília de Minas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Braúnas
  out=BR_MG_Braúnas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Brumadinho
  out=BR_MG_Brumadinho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Brás Pires
  out=BR_MG_Brás Pires.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Bueno Brandão
  out=BR_MG_Bueno Brandão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Buenópolis
  out=BR_MG_Buenópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Bugre
  out=BR_MG_Bugre.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Buritis
  out=BR_MG_Buritis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Buritizeiro
  out=BR_MG_Buritizeiro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Cabeceira Grande
  out=BR_MG_Cabeceira Grande.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Cabo Verde
  out=BR_MG_Cabo Verde.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Cachoeira Dourada
  out=BR_MG_Cachoeira Dourada.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Cachoeira da Prata
  out=BR_MG_Cachoeira da Prata.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Cachoeira de Minas
  out=BR_MG_Cachoeira de Minas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Cachoeira de Pajeú
  out=BR_MG_Cachoeira de Pajeú.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Caetanópolis
  out=BR_MG_Caetanópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Caeté
  out=BR_MG_Caeté.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Caiana
  out=BR_MG_Caiana.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Cajuri
  out=BR_MG_Cajuri.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Caldas
  out=BR_MG_Caldas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Camacho
  out=BR_MG_Camacho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Camanducaia
  out=BR_MG_Camanducaia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Cambuquira
  out=BR_MG_Cambuquira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Cambuí
  out=BR_MG_Cambuí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Campanhã
  out=BR_MG_Campanhã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Campanário
  out=BR_MG_Campanário.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Campestre
  out=BR_MG_Campestre.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Campina Verde
  out=BR_MG_Campina Verde.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Campo Azul
  out=BR_MG_Campo Azul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Campo Belo
  out=BR_MG_Campo Belo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Campo Florido
  out=BR_MG_Campo Florido.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Campo do Meio
  out=BR_MG_Campo do Meio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Campos Altos
  out=BR_MG_Campos Altos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Campos Gerais
  out=BR_MG_Campos Gerais.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Cana Verde
  out=BR_MG_Cana Verde.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Canaã
  out=BR_MG_Canaã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Candeias
  out=BR_MG_Candeias.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Cantagalo
  out=BR_MG_Cantagalo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Canápolis
  out=BR_MG_Canápolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Caparaó
  out=BR_MG_Caparaó.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Capela Nova
  out=BR_MG_Capela Nova.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Capelinha
  out=BR_MG_Capelinha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Capetinga
  out=BR_MG_Capetinga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Capim Branco
  out=BR_MG_Capim Branco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Capinópolis
  out=BR_MG_Capinópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Capitão Andrade
  out=BR_MG_Capitão Andrade.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Capitão Enéas
  out=BR_MG_Capitão Enéas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Capitólio
  out=BR_MG_Capitólio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Caputira
  out=BR_MG_Caputira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Caranaíba
  out=BR_MG_Caranaíba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Carandaí
  out=BR_MG_Carandaí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Carangola
  out=BR_MG_Carangola.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Caratinga
  out=BR_MG_Caratinga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Caraí
  out=BR_MG_Caraí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Carbonita
  out=BR_MG_Carbonita.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Careaçu
  out=BR_MG_Careaçu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Carlos Chagas
  out=BR_MG_Carlos Chagas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Carmo da Cachoeira
  out=BR_MG_Carmo da Cachoeira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Carmo da Mata
  out=BR_MG_Carmo da Mata.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Carmo de Minas
  out=BR_MG_Carmo de Minas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Carmo do Cajuru
  out=BR_MG_Carmo do Cajuru.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Carmo do Paranaíba
  out=BR_MG_Carmo do Paranaíba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Carmo do Rio Claro
  out=BR_MG_Carmo do Rio Claro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Carmésia
  out=BR_MG_Carmésia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Carmópolis de Minas
  out=BR_MG_Carmópolis de Minas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Carneirinho
  out=BR_MG_Carneirinho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Carrancas
  out=BR_MG_Carrancas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Carvalhos
  out=BR_MG_Carvalhos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Carvalhópolis
  out=BR_MG_Carvalhópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Casa Grande
  out=BR_MG_Casa Grande.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Cascalho Rico
  out=BR_MG_Cascalho Rico.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Cassia
  out=BR_MG_Cassia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Cataguases
  out=BR_MG_Cataguases.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Catas Altas
  out=BR_MG_Catas Altas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Catas Altas da Noruega
  out=BR_MG_Catas Altas da Noruega.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Catuji
  out=BR_MG_Catuji.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Catuti
  out=BR_MG_Catuti.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Caxambu
  out=BR_MG_Caxambu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Cedro do Abaeté
  out=BR_MG_Cedro do Abaeté.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Central de Minas
  out=BR_MG_Central de Minas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Centralina
  out=BR_MG_Centralina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Chalé
  out=BR_MG_Chalé.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Chapada Gaúcha
  out=BR_MG_Chapada Gaúcha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Chapada do Norte
  out=BR_MG_Chapada do Norte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Chiador
  out=BR_MG_Chiador.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Chácara
  out=BR_MG_Chácara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Cipotânea
  out=BR_MG_Cipotânea.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Claraval
  out=BR_MG_Claraval.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Claro dos Poções
  out=BR_MG_Claro dos Poções.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Cláudio
  out=BR_MG_Cláudio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Coimbra
  out=BR_MG_Coimbra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Coluna
  out=BR_MG_Coluna.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Comendador Gomes
  out=BR_MG_Comendador Gomes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Comercinho
  out=BR_MG_Comercinho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Conceição da Aparecida
  out=BR_MG_Conceição da Aparecida.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Conceição da Barra de Minas
  out=BR_MG_Conceição da Barra de Minas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Conceição das Alagoas
  out=BR_MG_Conceição das Alagoas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Conceição das Pedras
  out=BR_MG_Conceição das Pedras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Conceição de Ipanema
  out=BR_MG_Conceição de Ipanema.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Conceição do Mato Dentro
  out=BR_MG_Conceição do Mato Dentro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Conceição do Pará
  out=BR_MG_Conceição do Pará.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Conceição do Rio Verde
  out=BR_MG_Conceição do Rio Verde.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Conceição dos Ouros
  out=BR_MG_Conceição dos Ouros.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Confins
  out=BR_MG_Confins.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Congonhal
  out=BR_MG_Congonhal.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Congonhas
  out=BR_MG_Congonhas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Congonhas do Norte
  out=BR_MG_Congonhas do Norte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Conquista
  out=BR_MG_Conquista.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Conselheiro Lafaiete
  out=BR_MG_Conselheiro Lafaiete.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Conselheiro Pena
  out=BR_MG_Conselheiro Pena.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Consolação
  out=BR_MG_Consolação.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Contagem
  out=BR_MG_Contagem.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Coqueiral
  out=BR_MG_Coqueiral.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Coração de Jesus
  out=BR_MG_Coração de Jesus.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Cordisburgo
  out=BR_MG_Cordisburgo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Cordislândia
  out=BR_MG_Cordislândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Corinto
  out=BR_MG_Corinto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Coroaci
  out=BR_MG_Coroaci.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Coromandel
  out=BR_MG_Coromandel.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Coronel Fabriciano
  out=BR_MG_Coronel Fabriciano.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Coronel Murta
  out=BR_MG_Coronel Murta.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Coronel Pacheco
  out=BR_MG_Coronel Pacheco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Coronel Xavier Chaves
  out=BR_MG_Coronel Xavier Chaves.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Couto de Magalhães de Minas
  out=BR_MG_Couto de Magalhães de Minas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Cristais
  out=BR_MG_Cristais.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Cristiano Otoni
  out=BR_MG_Cristiano Otoni.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Cristina
  out=BR_MG_Cristina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Cristália
  out=BR_MG_Cristália.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Crisólita
  out=BR_MG_Crisólita.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Crucilândia
  out=BR_MG_Crucilândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Cruzeiro da Fortaleza
  out=BR_MG_Cruzeiro da Fortaleza.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Cruzília
  out=BR_MG_Cruzília.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Cuparaque
  out=BR_MG_Cuparaque.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Curral de Dentro
  out=BR_MG_Curral de Dentro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Curvelo
  out=BR_MG_Curvelo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Córrego Danta
  out=BR_MG_Córrego Danta.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Córrego Fundo
  out=BR_MG_Córrego Fundo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Córrego Novo
  out=BR_MG_Córrego Novo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Córrego do Bom Jesus
  out=BR_MG_Córrego do Bom Jesus.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Cônego Marinho
  out=BR_MG_Cônego Marinho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Datas
  out=BR_MG_Datas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Delfim Moreira
  out=BR_MG_Delfim Moreira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Delfinópolis
  out=BR_MG_Delfinópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Delta
  out=BR_MG_Delta.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Descoberto
  out=BR_MG_Descoberto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Desterro de Entre Rios
  out=BR_MG_Desterro de Entre Rios.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Desterro do Melo
  out=BR_MG_Desterro do Melo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Diamantina
  out=BR_MG_Diamantina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Diogo de Vasconcelos
  out=BR_MG_Diogo de Vasconcelos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Dionísio
  out=BR_MG_Dionísio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Divino
  out=BR_MG_Divino.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Divino das Laranjeiras
  out=BR_MG_Divino das Laranjeiras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Divinolândia de Minas
  out=BR_MG_Divinolândia de Minas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Divinésia
  out=BR_MG_Divinésia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Divinópolis
  out=BR_MG_Divinópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Divisa Alegre
  out=BR_MG_Divisa Alegre.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Divisa Nova
  out=BR_MG_Divisa Nova.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Divisópolis
  out=BR_MG_Divisópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Dom Bosco
  out=BR_MG_Dom Bosco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Dom Cavati
  out=BR_MG_Dom Cavati.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Dom Joaquim
  out=BR_MG_Dom Joaquim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Dom Silvério
  out=BR_MG_Dom Silvério.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Dom Viçoso
  out=BR_MG_Dom Viçoso.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Dona Eusébia
  out=BR_MG_Dona Eusébia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Dores de Campos
  out=BR_MG_Dores de Campos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Dores de Guanhães
  out=BR_MG_Dores de Guanhães.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Dores do Indaiá
  out=BR_MG_Dores do Indaiá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Dores do Turvo
  out=BR_MG_Dores do Turvo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Doresópolis
  out=BR_MG_Doresópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Douradoquara
  out=BR_MG_Douradoquara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Durandé
  out=BR_MG_Durandé.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Elói Mendes
  out=BR_MG_Elói Mendes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Engenheiro Caldas
  out=BR_MG_Engenheiro Caldas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Engenheiro Navarro
  out=BR_MG_Engenheiro Navarro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Entre Folhas
  out=BR_MG_Entre Folhas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Entre Rios de Minas
  out=BR_MG_Entre Rios de Minas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Ervália
  out=BR_MG_Ervália.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Esmeraldas
  out=BR_MG_Esmeraldas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Espera feliz
  out=BR_MG_Espera feliz.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Espinosa
  out=BR_MG_Espinosa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Espírito Santo do Dourado
  out=BR_MG_Espírito Santo do Dourado.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Estiva
  out=BR_MG_Estiva.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Estrela Dalva
  out=BR_MG_Estrela Dalva.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Estrela do Indaiá
  out=BR_MG_Estrela do Indaiá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Estrela do Sul
  out=BR_MG_Estrela do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Eugenópolis
  out=BR_MG_Eugenópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Ewbank da Câmara
  out=BR_MG_Ewbank da Câmara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Extrema
  out=BR_MG_Extrema.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Fama
  out=BR_MG_Fama.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Faria Lemos
  out=BR_MG_Faria Lemos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Felisburgo
  out=BR_MG_Felisburgo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Felixlândia
  out=BR_MG_Felixlândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Felício dos Santos
  out=BR_MG_Felício dos Santos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Fernandes Tourinho
  out=BR_MG_Fernandes Tourinho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Ferros
  out=BR_MG_Ferros.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Fervedouro
  out=BR_MG_Fervedouro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Florestal
  out=BR_MG_Florestal.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Formiga
  out=BR_MG_Formiga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Formoso
  out=BR_MG_Formoso.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Fortaleza de Minas
  out=BR_MG_Fortaleza de Minas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Fortuna de Minas
  out=BR_MG_Fortuna de Minas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Francisco Badaró
  out=BR_MG_Francisco Badaró.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Francisco Dumont
  out=BR_MG_Francisco Dumont.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Francisco Sá
  out=BR_MG_Francisco Sá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Franciscópolis
  out=BR_MG_Franciscópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Frei Gaspar
  out=BR_MG_Frei Gaspar.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Frei Inocêncio
  out=BR_MG_Frei Inocêncio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Frei Lagonegro
  out=BR_MG_Frei Lagonegro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Fronteira
  out=BR_MG_Fronteira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Fronteira dos Vales
  out=BR_MG_Fronteira dos Vales.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Fruta de Leite
  out=BR_MG_Fruta de Leite.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Frutal
  out=BR_MG_Frutal.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Funilândia
  out=BR_MG_Funilândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Galiléia
  out=BR_MG_Galiléia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Gameleiras
  out=BR_MG_Gameleiras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Glaucilândia
  out=BR_MG_Glaucilândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Goiabeira
  out=BR_MG_Goiabeira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Goiana
  out=BR_MG_Goiana.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Gonzaga
  out=BR_MG_Gonzaga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Gonçalves
  out=BR_MG_Gonçalves.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Gouveia
  out=BR_MG_Gouveia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Governador Valadares
  out=BR_MG_Governador Valadares.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Grupiara
  out=BR_MG_Grupiara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Grão Mogol
  out=BR_MG_Grão Mogol.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Guanhães
  out=BR_MG_Guanhães.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Guapé
  out=BR_MG_Guapé.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Guaraciaba
  out=BR_MG_Guaraciaba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Guaraciama
  out=BR_MG_Guaraciama.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Guarani
  out=BR_MG_Guarani.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Guaranésia
  out=BR_MG_Guaranésia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Guarará
  out=BR_MG_Guarará.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Guarda-Mor
  out=BR_MG_Guarda-Mor.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Guaxupé
  out=BR_MG_Guaxupé.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Guidoval
  out=BR_MG_Guidoval.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Guimarânia
  out=BR_MG_Guimarânia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Guiricema
  out=BR_MG_Guiricema.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Gurinhatã
  out=BR_MG_Gurinhatã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Heliodora
  out=BR_MG_Heliodora.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Iapu
  out=BR_MG_Iapu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Ibertioga
  out=BR_MG_Ibertioga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Ibiaí
  out=BR_MG_Ibiaí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Ibiracatu
  out=BR_MG_Ibiracatu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Ibiraci
  out=BR_MG_Ibiraci.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Ibirité
  out=BR_MG_Ibirité.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Ibitiúra de Minas
  out=BR_MG_Ibitiúra de Minas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Ibituruna
  out=BR_MG_Ibituruna.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Ibiá
  out=BR_MG_Ibiá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Icaraí de Minas
  out=BR_MG_Icaraí de Minas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Igarapé
  out=BR_MG_Igarapé.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Igaratinga
  out=BR_MG_Igaratinga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Iguatama
  out=BR_MG_Iguatama.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Ijaci
  out=BR_MG_Ijaci.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Ilicínea
  out=BR_MG_Ilicínea.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Imbé de Minas
  out=BR_MG_Imbé de Minas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Inconfidentes
  out=BR_MG_Inconfidentes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Indaiabira
  out=BR_MG_Indaiabira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Indianópolis
  out=BR_MG_Indianópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Ingaí
  out=BR_MG_Ingaí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Inhapim
  out=BR_MG_Inhapim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Inhaúma
  out=BR_MG_Inhaúma.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Inimutaba
  out=BR_MG_Inimutaba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Ipaba
  out=BR_MG_Ipaba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Ipanema
  out=BR_MG_Ipanema.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Ipatinga
  out=BR_MG_Ipatinga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Ipiaçu
  out=BR_MG_Ipiaçu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Ipuiúna
  out=BR_MG_Ipuiúna.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Iraí de Minas
  out=BR_MG_Iraí de Minas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Itabira
  out=BR_MG_Itabira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Itabirinha
  out=BR_MG_Itabirinha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Itabirito
  out=BR_MG_Itabirito.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Itacambira
  out=BR_MG_Itacambira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Itacarambi
  out=BR_MG_Itacarambi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Itaguara
  out=BR_MG_Itaguara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Itaipé
  out=BR_MG_Itaipé.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Itajubá
  out=BR_MG_Itajubá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Itamarandiba
  out=BR_MG_Itamarandiba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Itamarati de Minas
  out=BR_MG_Itamarati de Minas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Itambacuri
  out=BR_MG_Itambacuri.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Itambé do Mato Dentro
  out=BR_MG_Itambé do Mato Dentro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Itamogi
  out=BR_MG_Itamogi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Itamonte
  out=BR_MG_Itamonte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Itanhandu
  out=BR_MG_Itanhandu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Itanhomi
  out=BR_MG_Itanhomi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Itaobim
  out=BR_MG_Itaobim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Itapagipe
  out=BR_MG_Itapagipe.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Itapecerica
  out=BR_MG_Itapecerica.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Itapeva
  out=BR_MG_Itapeva.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Itatiaiuçu
  out=BR_MG_Itatiaiuçu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Itaverava
  out=BR_MG_Itaverava.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Itaú de Minas
  out=BR_MG_Itaú de Minas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Itaúna
  out=BR_MG_Itaúna.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Itinga
  out=BR_MG_Itinga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Itueta
  out=BR_MG_Itueta.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Ituiutaba
  out=BR_MG_Ituiutaba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Itumirim
  out=BR_MG_Itumirim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Iturama
  out=BR_MG_Iturama.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Itutinga
  out=BR_MG_Itutinga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Jaboticatubas
  out=BR_MG_Jaboticatubas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Jacinto
  out=BR_MG_Jacinto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Jacutinga
  out=BR_MG_Jacutinga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Jacuí
  out=BR_MG_Jacuí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Jaguaraçu
  out=BR_MG_Jaguaraçu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Jampruca
  out=BR_MG_Jampruca.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Janaúba
  out=BR_MG_Janaúba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Januária
  out=BR_MG_Januária.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Japaraíba
  out=BR_MG_Japaraíba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Japonvar
  out=BR_MG_Japonvar.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Jaíba
  out=BR_MG_Jaíba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Jeceaba
  out=BR_MG_Jeceaba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Jenipapo de Minas
  out=BR_MG_Jenipapo de Minas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Jequeri
  out=BR_MG_Jequeri.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Jequitaí
  out=BR_MG_Jequitaí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Jequitibá
  out=BR_MG_Jequitibá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Jequitinhonha
  out=BR_MG_Jequitinhonha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Jesuânia
  out=BR_MG_Jesuânia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Joanésia
  out=BR_MG_Joanésia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Joaquim Felício
  out=BR_MG_Joaquim Felício.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Joaíma
  out=BR_MG_Joaíma.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Jordânia
  out=BR_MG_Jordânia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Josenópolis
  out=BR_MG_Josenópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/José Gonçalves de Minas
  out=BR_MG_José Gonçalves de Minas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/José Raydan
  out=BR_MG_José Raydan.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/João Monlevade
  out=BR_MG_João Monlevade.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/João Pinheiro
  out=BR_MG_João Pinheiro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Juatuba
  out=BR_MG_Juatuba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Juiz de Fora
  out=BR_MG_Juiz de Fora.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Juramento
  out=BR_MG_Juramento.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Juruaia
  out=BR_MG_Juruaia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Juvenilia
  out=BR_MG_Juvenilia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Ladainha
  out=BR_MG_Ladainha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Lagamar
  out=BR_MG_Lagamar.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Lagoa Dourada
  out=BR_MG_Lagoa Dourada.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Lagoa Formosa
  out=BR_MG_Lagoa Formosa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Lagoa Grande
  out=BR_MG_Lagoa Grande.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Lagoa Santa
  out=BR_MG_Lagoa Santa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Lagoa da Prata
  out=BR_MG_Lagoa da Prata.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Lagoa dos Patos
  out=BR_MG_Lagoa dos Patos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Lajinha
  out=BR_MG_Lajinha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Lambari
  out=BR_MG_Lambari.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Lamim
  out=BR_MG_Lamim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Laranjal
  out=BR_MG_Laranjal.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Lassance
  out=BR_MG_Lassance.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Lavras
  out=BR_MG_Lavras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Leandro Ferreira
  out=BR_MG_Leandro Ferreira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Leme do Prado
  out=BR_MG_Leme do Prado.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Leopoldina
  out=BR_MG_Leopoldina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Liberdade
  out=BR_MG_Liberdade.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Lima Duarte
  out=BR_MG_Lima Duarte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Limeira do Oeste
  out=BR_MG_Limeira do Oeste.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Lontra
  out=BR_MG_Lontra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Luisburgo
  out=BR_MG_Luisburgo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Luislândia
  out=BR_MG_Luislândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Luminárias
  out=BR_MG_Luminárias.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Luz
  out=BR_MG_Luz.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Machacalis
  out=BR_MG_Machacalis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Machado
  out=BR_MG_Machado.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Madre de Deus de Minas
  out=BR_MG_Madre de Deus de Minas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Malacacheta
  out=BR_MG_Malacacheta.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Mamonas
  out=BR_MG_Mamonas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Manga
  out=BR_MG_Manga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Manhuaçu
  out=BR_MG_Manhuaçu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Manhumirim
  out=BR_MG_Manhumirim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Mantena
  out=BR_MG_Mantena.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Mar de Espanha
  out=BR_MG_Mar de Espanha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Maravilhas
  out=BR_MG_Maravilhas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Maria da Fé
  out=BR_MG_Maria da Fé.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Mariana
  out=BR_MG_Mariana.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Marilac
  out=BR_MG_Marilac.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Maripá de Minas
  out=BR_MG_Maripá de Minas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Marliéria
  out=BR_MG_Marliéria.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Marmelópolis
  out=BR_MG_Marmelópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Martinho Campos
  out=BR_MG_Martinho Campos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Martins Soares
  out=BR_MG_Martins Soares.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Mata Verde
  out=BR_MG_Mata Verde.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Materlândia
  out=BR_MG_Materlândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Mateus Leme
  out=BR_MG_Mateus Leme.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Mathias Lobato
  out=BR_MG_Mathias Lobato.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Matias Barbosa
  out=BR_MG_Matias Barbosa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Matias Cardoso
  out=BR_MG_Matias Cardoso.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Matipo
  out=BR_MG_Matipo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Mato Verde
  out=BR_MG_Mato Verde.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Matozinhos
  out=BR_MG_Matozinhos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Matutina
  out=BR_MG_Matutina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Medeiros
  out=BR_MG_Medeiros.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Medina
  out=BR_MG_Medina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Mendes Pimentel
  out=BR_MG_Mendes Pimentel.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Mercês
  out=BR_MG_Mercês.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Mesquita
  out=BR_MG_Mesquita.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Minas Novas
  out=BR_MG_Minas Novas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Minduri
  out=BR_MG_Minduri.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Mirabela
  out=BR_MG_Mirabela.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Miradouro
  out=BR_MG_Miradouro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Miravânia
  out=BR_MG_Miravânia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Miraí
  out=BR_MG_Miraí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Moeda
  out=BR_MG_Moeda.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Moema
  out=BR_MG_Moema.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Monjolos
  out=BR_MG_Monjolos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Monsenhor Paulo
  out=BR_MG_Monsenhor Paulo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Montalvânia
  out=BR_MG_Montalvânia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Monte Alegre de Minas
  out=BR_MG_Monte Alegre de Minas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Monte Azul
  out=BR_MG_Monte Azul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Monte Belo
  out=BR_MG_Monte Belo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Monte Carmelo
  out=BR_MG_Monte Carmelo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Monte Formoso
  out=BR_MG_Monte Formoso.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Monte Santo de Minas
  out=BR_MG_Monte Santo de Minas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Monte Sião
  out=BR_MG_Monte Sião.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Montes Claros
  out=BR_MG_Montes Claros.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Montezuma
  out=BR_MG_Montezuma.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Morada Nova de Minas
  out=BR_MG_Morada Nova de Minas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Morro da Garça
  out=BR_MG_Morro da Garça.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Morro do Pilar
  out=BR_MG_Morro do Pilar.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Munhoz
  out=BR_MG_Munhoz.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Muriaé
  out=BR_MG_Muriaé.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Mutum
  out=BR_MG_Mutum.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Muzambinho
  out=BR_MG_Muzambinho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Mário Campos
  out=BR_MG_Mário Campos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Nacip Raydan
  out=BR_MG_Nacip Raydan.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Nanuque
  out=BR_MG_Nanuque.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Naque
  out=BR_MG_Naque.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Natalândia
  out=BR_MG_Natalândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Natércia
  out=BR_MG_Natércia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Nazareno
  out=BR_MG_Nazareno.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Nepomuceno
  out=BR_MG_Nepomuceno.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Ninheira
  out=BR_MG_Ninheira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Nova Belém
  out=BR_MG_Nova Belém.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Nova Era
  out=BR_MG_Nova Era.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Nova Lima
  out=BR_MG_Nova Lima.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Nova Módica
  out=BR_MG_Nova Módica.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Nova Ponte
  out=BR_MG_Nova Ponte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Nova Porteirinha
  out=BR_MG_Nova Porteirinha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Nova Resende
  out=BR_MG_Nova Resende.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Nova Serrana
  out=BR_MG_Nova Serrana.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Nova União
  out=BR_MG_Nova União.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Novo Cruzeiro
  out=BR_MG_Novo Cruzeiro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Novo Oriente de Minas
  out=BR_MG_Novo Oriente de Minas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Novorizonte
  out=BR_MG_Novorizonte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Olaria
  out=BR_MG_Olaria.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Olhos-d'Água
  out=BR_MG_Olhos-d'Água.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Oliveira
  out=BR_MG_Oliveira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Oliveira Fortes
  out=BR_MG_Oliveira Fortes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Olímpio Noronha
  out=BR_MG_Olímpio Noronha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Onça de Pitangui
  out=BR_MG_Onça de Pitangui.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Oratórios
  out=BR_MG_Oratórios.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Orizânia
  out=BR_MG_Orizânia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Ouro Branco
  out=BR_MG_Ouro Branco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Ouro Fino
  out=BR_MG_Ouro Fino.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Ouro Preto
  out=BR_MG_Ouro Preto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Ouro Verde de Minas
  out=BR_MG_Ouro Verde de Minas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Padre Carvalho
  out=BR_MG_Padre Carvalho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Padre Paraíso
  out=BR_MG_Padre Paraíso.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Pai Pedro
  out=BR_MG_Pai Pedro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Paineiras
  out=BR_MG_Paineiras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Pains
  out=BR_MG_Pains.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Paiva
  out=BR_MG_Paiva.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Palma
  out=BR_MG_Palma.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Palmópolis
  out=BR_MG_Palmópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Papagaios
  out=BR_MG_Papagaios.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Paracatu
  out=BR_MG_Paracatu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Paraguaçu
  out=BR_MG_Paraguaçu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Paraisópolis
  out=BR_MG_Paraisópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Paraopeba
  out=BR_MG_Paraopeba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Pará de Minas
  out=BR_MG_Pará de Minas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Passa Quatro
  out=BR_MG_Passa Quatro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Passa Tempo
  out=BR_MG_Passa Tempo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Passa Vinte
  out=BR_MG_Passa Vinte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Passabém
  out=BR_MG_Passabém.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Passos
  out=BR_MG_Passos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Patis
  out=BR_MG_Patis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Patos de Minas
  out=BR_MG_Patos de Minas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Patrocínio
  out=BR_MG_Patrocínio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Patrocínio do Muriaé
  out=BR_MG_Patrocínio do Muriaé.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Paula Cândido
  out=BR_MG_Paula Cândido.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Paulistas
  out=BR_MG_Paulistas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Pavão
  out=BR_MG_Pavão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Pedra Azul
  out=BR_MG_Pedra Azul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Pedra Bonita
  out=BR_MG_Pedra Bonita.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Pedra Dourada
  out=BR_MG_Pedra Dourada.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Pedra do Anta
  out=BR_MG_Pedra do Anta.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Pedra do Indaiá
  out=BR_MG_Pedra do Indaiá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Pedralva
  out=BR_MG_Pedralva.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Pedras de Maria da Cruz
  out=BR_MG_Pedras de Maria da Cruz.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Pedrinópolis
  out=BR_MG_Pedrinópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Pedro Leopoldo
  out=BR_MG_Pedro Leopoldo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Pedro Teixeira
  out=BR_MG_Pedro Teixeira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Pequeri
  out=BR_MG_Pequeri.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Pequi
  out=BR_MG_Pequi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Perdigão
  out=BR_MG_Perdigão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Perdizes
  out=BR_MG_Perdizes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Perdões
  out=BR_MG_Perdões.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Periquito
  out=BR_MG_Periquito.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Pescador
  out=BR_MG_Pescador.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Peçanha
  out=BR_MG_Peçanha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Piau
  out=BR_MG_Piau.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Piedade de Caratinga
  out=BR_MG_Piedade de Caratinga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Piedade de Ponte Nova
  out=BR_MG_Piedade de Ponte Nova.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Piedade do Rio Grande
  out=BR_MG_Piedade do Rio Grande.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Piedade dos Gerais
  out=BR_MG_Piedade dos Gerais.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Pimenta
  out=BR_MG_Pimenta.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Pingo d'Água
  out=BR_MG_Pingo d'Água.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Pintópolis
  out=BR_MG_Pintópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Piracema
  out=BR_MG_Piracema.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Pirajuba
  out=BR_MG_Pirajuba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Piranga
  out=BR_MG_Piranga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Piranguinho
  out=BR_MG_Piranguinho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Piranguçu
  out=BR_MG_Piranguçu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Pirapetinga
  out=BR_MG_Pirapetinga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Pirapora
  out=BR_MG_Pirapora.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Piraúba
  out=BR_MG_Piraúba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Pitangui
  out=BR_MG_Pitangui.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Piumhi
  out=BR_MG_Piumhi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Planura
  out=BR_MG_Planura.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Pocrane
  out=BR_MG_Pocrane.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Pompéu
  out=BR_MG_Pompéu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Ponte Nova
  out=BR_MG_Ponte Nova.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Ponto Chique
  out=BR_MG_Ponto Chique.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Ponto dos Volantes
  out=BR_MG_Ponto dos Volantes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Porteirinha
  out=BR_MG_Porteirinha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Porto Firme
  out=BR_MG_Porto Firme.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Poté
  out=BR_MG_Poté.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Pouso Alegre
  out=BR_MG_Pouso Alegre.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Pouso Alto
  out=BR_MG_Pouso Alto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Poço Fundo
  out=BR_MG_Poço Fundo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Poços de Caldas
  out=BR_MG_Poços de Caldas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Prados
  out=BR_MG_Prados.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Prata
  out=BR_MG_Prata.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Pratinha
  out=BR_MG_Pratinha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Pratápolis
  out=BR_MG_Pratápolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Presidente Bernardes
  out=BR_MG_Presidente Bernardes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Presidente Juscelino
  out=BR_MG_Presidente Juscelino.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Presidente Kubitschek
  out=BR_MG_Presidente Kubitschek.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Presidente Olegário
  out=BR_MG_Presidente Olegário.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Prudente de Morais
  out=BR_MG_Prudente de Morais.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Quartel Geral
  out=BR_MG_Quartel Geral.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Queluzito
  out=BR_MG_Queluzito.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Raposos
  out=BR_MG_Raposos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Raul Soares
  out=BR_MG_Raul Soares.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Recreio
  out=BR_MG_Recreio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Reduto
  out=BR_MG_Reduto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Resende Costa
  out=BR_MG_Resende Costa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Resplendor
  out=BR_MG_Resplendor.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Ressaquinha
  out=BR_MG_Ressaquinha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Riachinho
  out=BR_MG_Riachinho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Riacho dos Machados
  out=BR_MG_Riacho dos Machados.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Ribeirão Vermelho
  out=BR_MG_Ribeirão Vermelho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Ribeirão das Neves
  out=BR_MG_Ribeirão das Neves.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Rio Acima
  out=BR_MG_Rio Acima.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Rio Casca
  out=BR_MG_Rio Casca.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Rio Doce
  out=BR_MG_Rio Doce.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Rio Espera
  out=BR_MG_Rio Espera.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Rio Manso
  out=BR_MG_Rio Manso.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Rio Novo
  out=BR_MG_Rio Novo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Rio Paranaíba
  out=BR_MG_Rio Paranaíba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Rio Pardo de Minas
  out=BR_MG_Rio Pardo de Minas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Rio Piracicaba
  out=BR_MG_Rio Piracicaba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Rio Pomba
  out=BR_MG_Rio Pomba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Rio Preto
  out=BR_MG_Rio Preto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Rio Vermelho
  out=BR_MG_Rio Vermelho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Rio do Prado
  out=BR_MG_Rio do Prado.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Ritápolis
  out=BR_MG_Ritápolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Rochedo de Minas
  out=BR_MG_Rochedo de Minas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Rodeiro
  out=BR_MG_Rodeiro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Romaria
  out=BR_MG_Romaria.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Rosário da Limeira
  out=BR_MG_Rosário da Limeira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Rubelita
  out=BR_MG_Rubelita.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Rubim
  out=BR_MG_Rubim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Sabará
  out=BR_MG_Sabará.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Sabinópolis
  out=BR_MG_Sabinópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Sacramento
  out=BR_MG_Sacramento.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Salinas
  out=BR_MG_Salinas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Salto da Divisa
  out=BR_MG_Salto da Divisa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Santa Barbara
  out=BR_MG_Santa Barbara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Santa Bárbara do Leste
  out=BR_MG_Santa Bárbara do Leste.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Santa Bárbara do Monte Verde
  out=BR_MG_Santa Bárbara do Monte Verde.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Santa Bárbara do Tugúrio
  out=BR_MG_Santa Bárbara do Tugúrio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Santa Cruz de Minas
  out=BR_MG_Santa Cruz de Minas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Santa Cruz de Salinas
  out=BR_MG_Santa Cruz de Salinas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Santa Cruz do Escalvado
  out=BR_MG_Santa Cruz do Escalvado.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Santa Efigênia de Minas
  out=BR_MG_Santa Efigênia de Minas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Santa Fé de Minas
  out=BR_MG_Santa Fé de Minas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Santa Helena de Minas
  out=BR_MG_Santa Helena de Minas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Santa Juliana
  out=BR_MG_Santa Juliana.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Santa Luzia
  out=BR_MG_Santa Luzia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Santa Margarida
  out=BR_MG_Santa Margarida.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Santa Maria de Itabira
  out=BR_MG_Santa Maria de Itabira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Santa Maria do Salto
  out=BR_MG_Santa Maria do Salto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Santa Maria do Suaçuí
  out=BR_MG_Santa Maria do Suaçuí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Santa Rita de Caldas
  out=BR_MG_Santa Rita de Caldas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Santa Rita de Ibitipoca
  out=BR_MG_Santa Rita de Ibitipoca.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Santa Rita de Jacutinga
  out=BR_MG_Santa Rita de Jacutinga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Santa Rita de Minas
  out=BR_MG_Santa Rita de Minas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Santa Rita do Itueto
  out=BR_MG_Santa Rita do Itueto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Santa Rita do Sapucaí
  out=BR_MG_Santa Rita do Sapucaí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Santa Rosa da Serra
  out=BR_MG_Santa Rosa da Serra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Santa Vitória
  out=BR_MG_Santa Vitória.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Santana da Vargem
  out=BR_MG_Santana da Vargem.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Santana de Cataguases
  out=BR_MG_Santana de Cataguases.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Santana de Pirapama
  out=BR_MG_Santana de Pirapama.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Santana do Deserto
  out=BR_MG_Santana do Deserto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Santana do Garambéu
  out=BR_MG_Santana do Garambéu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Santana do Jacaré
  out=BR_MG_Santana do Jacaré.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Santana do Manhuaçu
  out=BR_MG_Santana do Manhuaçu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Santana do Paraíso
  out=BR_MG_Santana do Paraíso.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Santana do Riacho
  out=BR_MG_Santana do Riacho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Santana dos Montes
  out=BR_MG_Santana dos Montes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Santo Antônio do Amparo
  out=BR_MG_Santo Antônio do Amparo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Santo Antônio do Aventureiro
  out=BR_MG_Santo Antônio do Aventureiro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Santo Antônio do Grama
  out=BR_MG_Santo Antônio do Grama.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Santo Antônio do Itambé
  out=BR_MG_Santo Antônio do Itambé.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Santo Antônio do Jacinto
  out=BR_MG_Santo Antônio do Jacinto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Santo Antônio do Monte
  out=BR_MG_Santo Antônio do Monte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Santo Antônio do Retiro
  out=BR_MG_Santo Antônio do Retiro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Santo Antônio do Rio Abaixo
  out=BR_MG_Santo Antônio do Rio Abaixo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Santo Hipólito
  out=BR_MG_Santo Hipólito.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Santos Dumont
  out=BR_MG_Santos Dumont.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Sapucaí-Mirim
  out=BR_MG_Sapucaí-Mirim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Sardoá
  out=BR_MG_Sardoá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Sarzedo
  out=BR_MG_Sarzedo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Sem-Peixe
  out=BR_MG_Sem-Peixe.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Senador Amaral
  out=BR_MG_Senador Amaral.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Senador Cortes
  out=BR_MG_Senador Cortes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Senador Firmino
  out=BR_MG_Senador Firmino.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Senador José Bento
  out=BR_MG_Senador José Bento.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Senador Modestino Gonçalves
  out=BR_MG_Senador Modestino Gonçalves.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Senhora de Oliveira
  out=BR_MG_Senhora de Oliveira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Senhora do Porto
  out=BR_MG_Senhora do Porto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Senhora dos Remédios
  out=BR_MG_Senhora dos Remédios.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Sericita
  out=BR_MG_Sericita.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Seritinga
  out=BR_MG_Seritinga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Serra Azul de Minas
  out=BR_MG_Serra Azul de Minas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Serra da Saudade
  out=BR_MG_Serra da Saudade.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Serra do Salitre
  out=BR_MG_Serra do Salitre.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Serra dos Aimorés
  out=BR_MG_Serra dos Aimorés.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Serrania
  out=BR_MG_Serrania.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Serranos
  out=BR_MG_Serranos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Serranópolis de Minas
  out=BR_MG_Serranópolis de Minas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Serro
  out=BR_MG_Serro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Sete Lagoas
  out=BR_MG_Sete Lagoas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Setubinha
  out=BR_MG_Setubinha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Silveirânia
  out=BR_MG_Silveirânia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Silvianópolis
  out=BR_MG_Silvianópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Simonésia
  out=BR_MG_Simonésia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Simão Pereira
  out=BR_MG_Simão Pereira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Sobrália
  out=BR_MG_Sobrália.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Soledade de Minas
  out=BR_MG_Soledade de Minas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/São Bento Abade
  out=BR_MG_São Bento Abade.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/São Brás do Suaçuí
  out=BR_MG_São Brás do Suaçuí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/São Domingos das Dores
  out=BR_MG_São Domingos das Dores.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/São Domingos do Prata
  out=BR_MG_São Domingos do Prata.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/São Francisco
  out=BR_MG_São Francisco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/São Francisco de Paula
  out=BR_MG_São Francisco de Paula.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/São Francisco de Sales
  out=BR_MG_São Francisco de Sales.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/São Francisco do Glória
  out=BR_MG_São Francisco do Glória.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/São Félix de Minas
  out=BR_MG_São Félix de Minas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/São Geraldo
  out=BR_MG_São Geraldo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/São Geraldo da Piedade
  out=BR_MG_São Geraldo da Piedade.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/São Geraldo do Baixio
  out=BR_MG_São Geraldo do Baixio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/São Gonçalo do Abaeté
  out=BR_MG_São Gonçalo do Abaeté.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/São Gonçalo do Pará
  out=BR_MG_São Gonçalo do Pará.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/São Gonçalo do Rio Abaixo
  out=BR_MG_São Gonçalo do Rio Abaixo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/São Gonçalo do Rio Preto
  out=BR_MG_São Gonçalo do Rio Preto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/São Gonçalo do Sapucaí
  out=BR_MG_São Gonçalo do Sapucaí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/São Gotardo
  out=BR_MG_São Gotardo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/São Joaquim de Bicas
  out=BR_MG_São Joaquim de Bicas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/São José da Barra
  out=BR_MG_São José da Barra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/São José da Lapa
  out=BR_MG_São José da Lapa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/São José da Safira
  out=BR_MG_São José da Safira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/São José da Varginha
  out=BR_MG_São José da Varginha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/São José do Alegre
  out=BR_MG_São José do Alegre.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/São José do Divino
  out=BR_MG_São José do Divino.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/São José do Goiabal
  out=BR_MG_São José do Goiabal.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/São José do Jacuri
  out=BR_MG_São José do Jacuri.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/São José do Mantimento
  out=BR_MG_São José do Mantimento.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/São João Batista do Glória
  out=BR_MG_São João Batista do Glória.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/São João Evangelista
  out=BR_MG_São João Evangelista.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/São João Nepomuceno
  out=BR_MG_São João Nepomuceno.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/São João da Lagoa
  out=BR_MG_São João da Lagoa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/São João da Mata
  out=BR_MG_São João da Mata.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/São João da Ponte
  out=BR_MG_São João da Ponte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/São João das Missões
  out=BR_MG_São João das Missões.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/São João del Rei
  out=BR_MG_São João del Rei.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/São João do Manhuaçu
  out=BR_MG_São João do Manhuaçu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/São João do Manteninha
  out=BR_MG_São João do Manteninha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/São João do Oriente
  out=BR_MG_São João do Oriente.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/São João do Pacuí
  out=BR_MG_São João do Pacuí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/São João do Paraíso
  out=BR_MG_São João do Paraíso.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/São Lourenço
  out=BR_MG_São Lourenço.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/São Miguel do Anta
  out=BR_MG_São Miguel do Anta.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/São Pedro da União
  out=BR_MG_São Pedro da União.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/São Pedro do Suaçuí
  out=BR_MG_São Pedro do Suaçuí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/São Pedro dos Ferros
  out=BR_MG_São Pedro dos Ferros.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/São Romão
  out=BR_MG_São Romão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/São Roque de Minas
  out=BR_MG_São Roque de Minas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/São Sebastião da Bela Vista
  out=BR_MG_São Sebastião da Bela Vista.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/São Sebastião da Vargem Alegre
  out=BR_MG_São Sebastião da Vargem Alegre.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/São Sebastião do Anta
  out=BR_MG_São Sebastião do Anta.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/São Sebastião do Maranhão
  out=BR_MG_São Sebastião do Maranhão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/São Sebastião do Oeste
  out=BR_MG_São Sebastião do Oeste.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/São Sebastião do Paraíso
  out=BR_MG_São Sebastião do Paraíso.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/São Sebastião do Rio Preto
  out=BR_MG_São Sebastião do Rio Preto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/São Sebastião do Rio Verde
  out=BR_MG_São Sebastião do Rio Verde.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/São Thomé das Letras
  out=BR_MG_São Thomé das Letras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/São Tiago
  out=BR_MG_São Tiago.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/São Tomás de Aquino
  out=BR_MG_São Tomás de Aquino.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/São Vicente de Minas
  out=BR_MG_São Vicente de Minas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Tabuleiro
  out=BR_MG_Tabuleiro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Taiobeiras
  out=BR_MG_Taiobeiras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Taparuba
  out=BR_MG_Taparuba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Tapira
  out=BR_MG_Tapira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Tapiraí
  out=BR_MG_Tapiraí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Taquaraçu de Minas
  out=BR_MG_Taquaraçu de Minas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Tarumirim
  out=BR_MG_Tarumirim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Teixeiras
  out=BR_MG_Teixeiras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Teófilo Otoni
  out=BR_MG_Teófilo Otoni.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Timóteo
  out=BR_MG_Timóteo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Tiradentes
  out=BR_MG_Tiradentes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Tiros
  out=BR_MG_Tiros.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Tocantins
  out=BR_MG_Tocantins.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Tocos do Moji
  out=BR_MG_Tocos do Moji.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Toledo
  out=BR_MG_Toledo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Tombos
  out=BR_MG_Tombos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Três Corações
  out=BR_MG_Três Corações.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Três Marias
  out=BR_MG_Três Marias.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Três Pontas
  out=BR_MG_Três Pontas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Tumiritinga
  out=BR_MG_Tumiritinga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Tupaciguara
  out=BR_MG_Tupaciguara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Turmalina
  out=BR_MG_Turmalina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Turvolândia
  out=BR_MG_Turvolândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Ubaporanga
  out=BR_MG_Ubaporanga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Ubaí
  out=BR_MG_Ubaí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Uberaba
  out=BR_MG_Uberaba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Uberlândia
  out=BR_MG_Uberlândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Ubá
  out=BR_MG_Ubá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Umburatiba
  out=BR_MG_Umburatiba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Unaí
  out=BR_MG_Unaí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/União de Minas
  out=BR_MG_União de Minas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Uruana de Minas
  out=BR_MG_Uruana de Minas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Urucuia
  out=BR_MG_Urucuia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Urucânia
  out=BR_MG_Urucânia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Vargem Alegre
  out=BR_MG_Vargem Alegre.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Vargem Bonita
  out=BR_MG_Vargem Bonita.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Vargem Grande do Rio Pardo
  out=BR_MG_Vargem Grande do Rio Pardo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Varginha
  out=BR_MG_Varginha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Varjão de Minas
  out=BR_MG_Varjão de Minas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Varzelândia
  out=BR_MG_Varzelândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Vazante
  out=BR_MG_Vazante.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Verdelândia
  out=BR_MG_Verdelândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Veredinha
  out=BR_MG_Veredinha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Vermelho Novo
  out=BR_MG_Vermelho Novo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Veríssimo
  out=BR_MG_Veríssimo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Vespasiano
  out=BR_MG_Vespasiano.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Vieiras
  out=BR_MG_Vieiras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Virgem da Lapa
  out=BR_MG_Virgem da Lapa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Virginia
  out=BR_MG_Virginia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Virginópolis
  out=BR_MG_Virginópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Virgolândia
  out=BR_MG_Virgolândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Visconde do Rio Branco
  out=BR_MG_Visconde do Rio Branco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Viçosa
  out=BR_MG_Viçosa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Volta Grande
  out=BR_MG_Volta Grande.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Várzea da Palma
  out=BR_MG_Várzea da Palma.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Wenceslau Braz
  out=BR_MG_Wenceslau Braz.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Água Boa
  out=BR_MG_Água Boa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Água Comprida
  out=BR_MG_Água Comprida.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Águas Formosas
  out=BR_MG_Águas Formosas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MG/Águas Vermelhas
  out=BR_MG_Águas Vermelhas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS
  out=BR_MS.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Alcinópolis
  out=BR_MS_Alcinópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Amambai
  out=BR_MS_Amambai.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Anastácio
  out=BR_MS_Anastácio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Anaurilândia
  out=BR_MS_Anaurilândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Angelica
  out=BR_MS_Angelica.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Antônio João
  out=BR_MS_Antônio João.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Aparecida do Taboado
  out=BR_MS_Aparecida do Taboado.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Aquidauana
  out=BR_MS_Aquidauana.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Aral Moreira
  out=BR_MS_Aral Moreira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Bandeirantes
  out=BR_MS_Bandeirantes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Bataguassu
  out=BR_MS_Bataguassu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Bataiporã
  out=BR_MS_Bataiporã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Bela Vista
  out=BR_MS_Bela Vista.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Bodoquena
  out=BR_MS_Bodoquena.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Bonito
  out=BR_MS_Bonito.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Brasilândia
  out=BR_MS_Brasilândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Caarapó
  out=BR_MS_Caarapó.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Camapuã
  out=BR_MS_Camapuã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Campo Grande
  out=BR_MS_Campo Grande.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Caracol
  out=BR_MS_Caracol.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Cassilândia
  out=BR_MS_Cassilândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Chapadão do Sul
  out=BR_MS_Chapadão do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Corguinho
  out=BR_MS_Corguinho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Coronel Sapucaia
  out=BR_MS_Coronel Sapucaia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Corumbá
  out=BR_MS_Corumbá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Costa Rica
  out=BR_MS_Costa Rica.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Coxim
  out=BR_MS_Coxim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Deodápolis
  out=BR_MS_Deodápolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Dois Irmãos do Buriti
  out=BR_MS_Dois Irmãos do Buriti.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Douradina
  out=BR_MS_Douradina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Dourados
  out=BR_MS_Dourados.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Eldorado
  out=BR_MS_Eldorado.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Figueirão
  out=BR_MS_Figueirão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Fátima do Sul
  out=BR_MS_Fátima do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Glória de Dourados
  out=BR_MS_Glória de Dourados.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Guia Lopes da Laguna
  out=BR_MS_Guia Lopes da Laguna.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Iguatemi
  out=BR_MS_Iguatemi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Inocencia
  out=BR_MS_Inocencia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Itaporã
  out=BR_MS_Itaporã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Itaquiraí
  out=BR_MS_Itaquiraí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Ivinhema
  out=BR_MS_Ivinhema.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Japorã
  out=BR_MS_Japorã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Jaraguari
  out=BR_MS_Jaraguari.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Jardim
  out=BR_MS_Jardim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Jateí
  out=BR_MS_Jateí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Juti
  out=BR_MS_Juti.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Ladário
  out=BR_MS_Ladário.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Laguna Carapã
  out=BR_MS_Laguna Carapã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Maracaju
  out=BR_MS_Maracaju.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Miranda
  out=BR_MS_Miranda.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Mundo Novo
  out=BR_MS_Mundo Novo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Naviraí
  out=BR_MS_Naviraí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Nioaque
  out=BR_MS_Nioaque.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Nova Alvorada do Sul
  out=BR_MS_Nova Alvorada do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Nova Andradina
  out=BR_MS_Nova Andradina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Novo Horizonte do Sul
  out=BR_MS_Novo Horizonte do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Paranaíba
  out=BR_MS_Paranaíba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Paranhos
  out=BR_MS_Paranhos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Pedro Gomes
  out=BR_MS_Pedro Gomes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Ponta Porã
  out=BR_MS_Ponta Porã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Porto Murtinho
  out=BR_MS_Porto Murtinho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Ribas do Rio Pardo
  out=BR_MS_Ribas do Rio Pardo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Rio Brilhante
  out=BR_MS_Rio Brilhante.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Rio Negro
  out=BR_MS_Rio Negro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Rio Verde de Mato Grosso
  out=BR_MS_Rio Verde de Mato Grosso.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Rochedo
  out=BR_MS_Rochedo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Santa Rita do Pardo
  out=BR_MS_Santa Rita do Pardo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Selvíria
  out=BR_MS_Selvíria.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Sete Quedas
  out=BR_MS_Sete Quedas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Sidrolândia
  out=BR_MS_Sidrolândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Sonora
  out=BR_MS_Sonora.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/São Gabriel do Oeste
  out=BR_MS_São Gabriel do Oeste.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Tacuru
  out=BR_MS_Tacuru.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Taquarussu
  out=BR_MS_Taquarussu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Terenos
  out=BR_MS_Terenos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Três Lagoas
  out=BR_MS_Três Lagoas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Vicentina
  out=BR_MS_Vicentina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MS/Água Clara
  out=BR_MS_Água Clara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT
  out=BR_MT.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Acorizal
  out=BR_MT_Acorizal.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Alta Floresta
  out=BR_MT_Alta Floresta.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Alto Araguaia
  out=BR_MT_Alto Araguaia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Alto Boa Vista
  out=BR_MT_Alto Boa Vista.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Alto Garças
  out=BR_MT_Alto Garças.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Alto Paraguai
  out=BR_MT_Alto Paraguai.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Alto Taquari
  out=BR_MT_Alto Taquari.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Apiacás
  out=BR_MT_Apiacás.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Araguaiana
  out=BR_MT_Araguaiana.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Araguainha
  out=BR_MT_Araguainha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Araputanga
  out=BR_MT_Araputanga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Arenápolis
  out=BR_MT_Arenápolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Aripuana
  out=BR_MT_Aripuana.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Barra do Bugres
  out=BR_MT_Barra do Bugres.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Barra do Garças
  out=BR_MT_Barra do Garças.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Barão de Melgaço
  out=BR_MT_Barão de Melgaço.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Bom Jesus do Araguaia
  out=BR_MT_Bom Jesus do Araguaia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Brasnorte
  out=BR_MT_Brasnorte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Campinápolis
  out=BR_MT_Campinápolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Campo Novo do Parecis
  out=BR_MT_Campo Novo do Parecis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Campo Verde
  out=BR_MT_Campo Verde.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Campos de Júlio
  out=BR_MT_Campos de Júlio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Canabrava do Norte
  out=BR_MT_Canabrava do Norte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Canarana
  out=BR_MT_Canarana.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Carlinda
  out=BR_MT_Carlinda.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Castanheira
  out=BR_MT_Castanheira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Chapada dos Guimarães
  out=BR_MT_Chapada dos Guimarães.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Claudia
  out=BR_MT_Claudia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Cocalinho
  out=BR_MT_Cocalinho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Colniza
  out=BR_MT_Colniza.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Colíder
  out=BR_MT_Colíder.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Comodoro
  out=BR_MT_Comodoro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Confresa
  out=BR_MT_Confresa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Conquista d'Oeste
  out=BR_MT_Conquista d'Oeste.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Cotriguaçu
  out=BR_MT_Cotriguaçu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Cuiabá
  out=BR_MT_Cuiabá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Curvelândia
  out=BR_MT_Curvelândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Cáceres
  out=BR_MT_Cáceres.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Denise
  out=BR_MT_Denise.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Diamantino
  out=BR_MT_Diamantino.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Dom Aquino
  out=BR_MT_Dom Aquino.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Feliz Natal
  out=BR_MT_Feliz Natal.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Figueirópolis d'Oeste
  out=BR_MT_Figueirópolis d'Oeste.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Gaúcha do Norte
  out=BR_MT_Gaúcha do Norte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/General Carneiro
  out=BR_MT_General Carneiro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Glória d'Oeste
  out=BR_MT_Glória d'Oeste.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Guaranta do Norte
  out=BR_MT_Guaranta do Norte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Guiratinga
  out=BR_MT_Guiratinga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Indiavaí
  out=BR_MT_Indiavaí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Ipiranga do Norte
  out=BR_MT_Ipiranga do Norte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Itanhangá
  out=BR_MT_Itanhangá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Itaúba
  out=BR_MT_Itaúba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Itiquira
  out=BR_MT_Itiquira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Jaciara
  out=BR_MT_Jaciara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Jangada
  out=BR_MT_Jangada.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Jauru
  out=BR_MT_Jauru.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Juara
  out=BR_MT_Juara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Juruena
  out=BR_MT_Juruena.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Juscimeira
  out=BR_MT_Juscimeira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Juína
  out=BR_MT_Juína.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Lambari d'Oeste
  out=BR_MT_Lambari d'Oeste.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Lucas do Rio Verde
  out=BR_MT_Lucas do Rio Verde.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Luciára
  out=BR_MT_Luciára.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Marcelândia
  out=BR_MT_Marcelândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Matupá
  out=BR_MT_Matupá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Mirassol d'Oeste
  out=BR_MT_Mirassol d'Oeste.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Nobres
  out=BR_MT_Nobres.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Nortelândia
  out=BR_MT_Nortelândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Nossa Senhora do Livramento
  out=BR_MT_Nossa Senhora do Livramento.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Nova Bandeirantes
  out=BR_MT_Nova Bandeirantes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Nova Brasilândia
  out=BR_MT_Nova Brasilândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Nova Canaã do Norte
  out=BR_MT_Nova Canaã do Norte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Nova Guarita
  out=BR_MT_Nova Guarita.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Nova Lacerda
  out=BR_MT_Nova Lacerda.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Nova Marilândia
  out=BR_MT_Nova Marilândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Nova Maringá
  out=BR_MT_Nova Maringá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Nova Monte Verde
  out=BR_MT_Nova Monte Verde.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Nova Mutum
  out=BR_MT_Nova Mutum.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Nova Nazaré
  out=BR_MT_Nova Nazaré.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Nova Olímpia
  out=BR_MT_Nova Olímpia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Nova Santa Helena
  out=BR_MT_Nova Santa Helena.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Nova Ubiratã
  out=BR_MT_Nova Ubiratã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Nova Xavantina
  out=BR_MT_Nova Xavantina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Novo Horizonte do Norte
  out=BR_MT_Novo Horizonte do Norte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Novo Mundo
  out=BR_MT_Novo Mundo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Novo Santo Antônio
  out=BR_MT_Novo Santo Antônio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Novo São Joaquim
  out=BR_MT_Novo São Joaquim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Paranatinga
  out=BR_MT_Paranatinga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Paranaíta
  out=BR_MT_Paranaíta.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Pedra Preta
  out=BR_MT_Pedra Preta.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Peixoto de Azevedo
  out=BR_MT_Peixoto de Azevedo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Planalto da Serra
  out=BR_MT_Planalto da Serra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Poconé
  out=BR_MT_Poconé.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Pontal do Araguaia
  out=BR_MT_Pontal do Araguaia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Ponte Branca
  out=BR_MT_Ponte Branca.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Pontes e Lacerda
  out=BR_MT_Pontes e Lacerda.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Porto Alegre do Norte
  out=BR_MT_Porto Alegre do Norte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Porto Esperidião
  out=BR_MT_Porto Esperidião.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Porto Estrela
  out=BR_MT_Porto Estrela.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Porto dos Gaúchos
  out=BR_MT_Porto dos Gaúchos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Poxoréo
  out=BR_MT_Poxoréo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Primavera do Leste
  out=BR_MT_Primavera do Leste.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Querência
  out=BR_MT_Querência.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Reserva do Cabaçal
  out=BR_MT_Reserva do Cabaçal.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Ribeirão Cascalheira
  out=BR_MT_Ribeirão Cascalheira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Ribeirãozinho
  out=BR_MT_Ribeirãozinho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Rio Branco
  out=BR_MT_Rio Branco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Rondolândia
  out=BR_MT_Rondolândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Rondonópolis
  out=BR_MT_Rondonópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Rosário Oeste
  out=BR_MT_Rosário Oeste.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Salto do Céu
  out=BR_MT_Salto do Céu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Santa Carmem
  out=BR_MT_Santa Carmem.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Santa Cruz do Xingu
  out=BR_MT_Santa Cruz do Xingu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Santa Rita do Trivelato
  out=BR_MT_Santa Rita do Trivelato.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Santa Terezinha
  out=BR_MT_Santa Terezinha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Santo Afonso
  out=BR_MT_Santo Afonso.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Santo Antônio do Leste
  out=BR_MT_Santo Antônio do Leste.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Santo Antônio do Leverger
  out=BR_MT_Santo Antônio do Leverger.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Sapezal
  out=BR_MT_Sapezal.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Serra Nova Dourada
  out=BR_MT_Serra Nova Dourada.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Sinop
  out=BR_MT_Sinop.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Sorriso
  out=BR_MT_Sorriso.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/São Félix do Araguaia
  out=BR_MT_São Félix do Araguaia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/São José do Povo
  out=BR_MT_São José do Povo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/São José do Rio Claro
  out=BR_MT_São José do Rio Claro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/São José do Xingu
  out=BR_MT_São José do Xingu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/São José dos Quatro Marcos
  out=BR_MT_São José dos Quatro Marcos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/São Pedro da Cipa
  out=BR_MT_São Pedro da Cipa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Tabaporã
  out=BR_MT_Tabaporã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Tangará da Serra
  out=BR_MT_Tangará da Serra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Tapurah
  out=BR_MT_Tapurah.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Terra Nova do Norte
  out=BR_MT_Terra Nova do Norte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Tesouro
  out=BR_MT_Tesouro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Torixoréu
  out=BR_MT_Torixoréu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/União do Sul
  out=BR_MT_União do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Vale de São Domingos
  out=BR_MT_Vale de São Domingos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Vera
  out=BR_MT_Vera.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Vila Bela da Santíssima Trindade
  out=BR_MT_Vila Bela da Santíssima Trindade.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Vila Rica
  out=BR_MT_Vila Rica.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Várzea Grande
  out=BR_MT_Várzea Grande.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/MT/Água Boa
  out=BR_MT_Água Boa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA
  out=BR_PA.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Abaetetuba
  out=BR_PA_Abaetetuba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Abel Figueiredo
  out=BR_PA_Abel Figueiredo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Acará
  out=BR_PA_Acará.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Afuá
  out=BR_PA_Afuá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Alenquer
  out=BR_PA_Alenquer.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Almeirim
  out=BR_PA_Almeirim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Altamira
  out=BR_PA_Altamira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Anajás
  out=BR_PA_Anajás.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Ananindeua
  out=BR_PA_Ananindeua.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Anapu
  out=BR_PA_Anapu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Augusto Corrêa
  out=BR_PA_Augusto Corrêa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Aurora do Pará
  out=BR_PA_Aurora do Pará.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Aveiro
  out=BR_PA_Aveiro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Bagre
  out=BR_PA_Bagre.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Baião
  out=BR_PA_Baião.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Bannach
  out=BR_PA_Bannach.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Barcarena
  out=BR_PA_Barcarena.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Belterra
  out=BR_PA_Belterra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Belém
  out=BR_PA_Belém.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Benevides
  out=BR_PA_Benevides.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Bom Jesus do Tocantins
  out=BR_PA_Bom Jesus do Tocantins.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Bonito
  out=BR_PA_Bonito.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Bragança
  out=BR_PA_Bragança.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Brasil Novo
  out=BR_PA_Brasil Novo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Brejo Grande do Araguaia
  out=BR_PA_Brejo Grande do Araguaia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Breu Branco
  out=BR_PA_Breu Branco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Breves
  out=BR_PA_Breves.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Bujaru
  out=BR_PA_Bujaru.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Cachoeira do Arari
  out=BR_PA_Cachoeira do Arari.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Cachoeira do Piriá
  out=BR_PA_Cachoeira do Piriá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Cameta
  out=BR_PA_Cameta.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Canaã dos Carajás
  out=BR_PA_Canaã dos Carajás.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Capanema
  out=BR_PA_Capanema.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Capitão Poço
  out=BR_PA_Capitão Poço.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Castanhal
  out=BR_PA_Castanhal.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Chaves
  out=BR_PA_Chaves.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Colares
  out=BR_PA_Colares.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Conceição do Araguaia
  out=BR_PA_Conceição do Araguaia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Concórdia do Pará
  out=BR_PA_Concórdia do Pará.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Cumaru do Norte
  out=BR_PA_Cumaru do Norte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Curionópolis
  out=BR_PA_Curionópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Curralinho
  out=BR_PA_Curralinho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Curuá
  out=BR_PA_Curuá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Curuçá
  out=BR_PA_Curuçá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Dom Eliseu
  out=BR_PA_Dom Eliseu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Eldorado dos Carajás
  out=BR_PA_Eldorado dos Carajás.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Faro
  out=BR_PA_Faro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Floresta do Araguaia
  out=BR_PA_Floresta do Araguaia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Garrafão do Norte
  out=BR_PA_Garrafão do Norte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Goianésia do Pará
  out=BR_PA_Goianésia do Pará.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Gurupá
  out=BR_PA_Gurupá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Igarapé-Açu
  out=BR_PA_Igarapé-Açu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Igarapé-Miri
  out=BR_PA_Igarapé-Miri.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Inhangapi
  out=BR_PA_Inhangapi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Ipixuna do Pará
  out=BR_PA_Ipixuna do Pará.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Irituia
  out=BR_PA_Irituia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Itaituba
  out=BR_PA_Itaituba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Itupiranga
  out=BR_PA_Itupiranga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Jacareacanga
  out=BR_PA_Jacareacanga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Jacundá
  out=BR_PA_Jacundá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Juruti
  out=BR_PA_Juruti.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Limoeiro do Ajuru
  out=BR_PA_Limoeiro do Ajuru.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Magalhães Barata
  out=BR_PA_Magalhães Barata.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Marabá
  out=BR_PA_Marabá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Maracanã
  out=BR_PA_Maracanã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Marapanim
  out=BR_PA_Marapanim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Marituba
  out=BR_PA_Marituba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Medicilândia
  out=BR_PA_Medicilândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Melgaço
  out=BR_PA_Melgaço.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Mocajuba
  out=BR_PA_Mocajuba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Moju
  out=BR_PA_Moju.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Monte Alegre
  out=BR_PA_Monte Alegre.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Muaná
  out=BR_PA_Muaná.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Mãe do Rio
  out=BR_PA_Mãe do Rio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Nova Esperança do Piriá
  out=BR_PA_Nova Esperança do Piriá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Nova Ipixuna
  out=BR_PA_Nova Ipixuna.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Nova Timboteua
  out=BR_PA_Nova Timboteua.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Novo Progresso
  out=BR_PA_Novo Progresso.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Novo Repartimento
  out=BR_PA_Novo Repartimento.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Oeiras do Pará
  out=BR_PA_Oeiras do Pará.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Oriximiná
  out=BR_PA_Oriximiná.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Ourilândia do Norte
  out=BR_PA_Ourilândia do Norte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Ourém
  out=BR_PA_Ourém.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Pacajá
  out=BR_PA_Pacajá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Palestina do Pará
  out=BR_PA_Palestina do Pará.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Paragominas
  out=BR_PA_Paragominas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Parauapebas
  out=BR_PA_Parauapebas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Pau D'Arco
  out=BR_PA_Pau D'Arco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Peixe-Boi
  out=BR_PA_Peixe-Boi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Piçarra
  out=BR_PA_Piçarra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Placas
  out=BR_PA_Placas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Ponta de Pedras
  out=BR_PA_Ponta de Pedras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Portel
  out=BR_PA_Portel.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Porto de Moz
  out=BR_PA_Porto de Moz.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Prainha
  out=BR_PA_Prainha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Primavera
  out=BR_PA_Primavera.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Quatipuru
  out=BR_PA_Quatipuru.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Redenção
  out=BR_PA_Redenção.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Rio Maria
  out=BR_PA_Rio Maria.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Rondon do Pará
  out=BR_PA_Rondon do Pará.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Rurópolis
  out=BR_PA_Rurópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Salinópolis
  out=BR_PA_Salinópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Salvaterra
  out=BR_PA_Salvaterra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Santa Bárbara do Pará
  out=BR_PA_Santa Bárbara do Pará.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Santa Cruz do Arari
  out=BR_PA_Santa Cruz do Arari.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Santa Isabel do Pará
  out=BR_PA_Santa Isabel do Pará.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Santa Luzia do Pará
  out=BR_PA_Santa Luzia do Pará.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Santa Maria das Barreiras
  out=BR_PA_Santa Maria das Barreiras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Santa Maria do Pará
  out=BR_PA_Santa Maria do Pará.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Santana do Araguaia
  out=BR_PA_Santana do Araguaia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Santarém
  out=BR_PA_Santarém.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Santarém Novo
  out=BR_PA_Santarém Novo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Santo Antônio do Tauá
  out=BR_PA_Santo Antônio do Tauá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Sapucaia
  out=BR_PA_Sapucaia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Senador José Porfírio
  out=BR_PA_Senador José Porfírio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Soure
  out=BR_PA_Soure.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/São Caetano de Odivelas
  out=BR_PA_São Caetano de Odivelas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/São Domingos do Araguaia
  out=BR_PA_São Domingos do Araguaia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/São Domingos do Capim
  out=BR_PA_São Domingos do Capim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/São Francisco do Pará
  out=BR_PA_São Francisco do Pará.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/São Félix do Xingu
  out=BR_PA_São Félix do Xingu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/São Geraldo do Araguaia
  out=BR_PA_São Geraldo do Araguaia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/São João da Ponta
  out=BR_PA_São João da Ponta.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/São João de Pirabas
  out=BR_PA_São João de Pirabas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/São João do Araguaia
  out=BR_PA_São João do Araguaia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/São Miguel do Guamá
  out=BR_PA_São Miguel do Guamá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/São Sebastião da Boa Vista
  out=BR_PA_São Sebastião da Boa Vista.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Tailândia
  out=BR_PA_Tailândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Terra Alta
  out=BR_PA_Terra Alta.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Terra Santa
  out=BR_PA_Terra Santa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Tomé-Açu
  out=BR_PA_Tomé-Açu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Tracuateua
  out=BR_PA_Tracuateua.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Trairão
  out=BR_PA_Trairão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Tucumã
  out=BR_PA_Tucumã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Tucuruí
  out=BR_PA_Tucuruí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Ulianópolis
  out=BR_PA_Ulianópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Uruará
  out=BR_PA_Uruará.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Vigia
  out=BR_PA_Vigia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Viseu
  out=BR_PA_Viseu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Vitória do Xingu
  out=BR_PA_Vitória do Xingu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Xinguara
  out=BR_PA_Xinguara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Água Azul do Norte
  out=BR_PA_Água Azul do Norte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PA/Óbidos
  out=BR_PA_Óbidos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB
  out=BR_PB.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Aguiar
  out=BR_PB_Aguiar.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Alagoa Grande
  out=BR_PB_Alagoa Grande.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Alagoa Nova
  out=BR_PB_Alagoa Nova.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Alagoinha
  out=BR_PB_Alagoinha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Alcantil
  out=BR_PB_Alcantil.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Algodão de Jandaíra
  out=BR_PB_Algodão de Jandaíra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Alhandra
  out=BR_PB_Alhandra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Amparo
  out=BR_PB_Amparo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Aparecida
  out=BR_PB_Aparecida.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Araruna
  out=BR_PB_Araruna.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Arará
  out=BR_PB_Arará.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Araçagi
  out=BR_PB_Araçagi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Areia
  out=BR_PB_Areia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Areia de Baraúnas
  out=BR_PB_Areia de Baraúnas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Areial
  out=BR_PB_Areial.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Aroeiras
  out=BR_PB_Aroeiras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Assunção
  out=BR_PB_Assunção.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Bananeiras
  out=BR_PB_Bananeiras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Baraúna
  out=BR_PB_Baraúna.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Barra de Santa Rosa
  out=BR_PB_Barra de Santa Rosa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Barra de Santana
  out=BR_PB_Barra de Santana.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Barra de São Miguel
  out=BR_PB_Barra de São Miguel.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Bayeux
  out=BR_PB_Bayeux.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Baía da Traição
  out=BR_PB_Baía da Traição.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Belém
  out=BR_PB_Belém.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Belém do Brejo do Cruz
  out=BR_PB_Belém do Brejo do Cruz.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Bernardino Batista
  out=BR_PB_Bernardino Batista.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Boa Ventura
  out=BR_PB_Boa Ventura.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Boa Vista
  out=BR_PB_Boa Vista.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Bom Jesus
  out=BR_PB_Bom Jesus.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Bom Sucesso
  out=BR_PB_Bom Sucesso.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Bonito de Santa Fé
  out=BR_PB_Bonito de Santa Fé.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Boqueirão
  out=BR_PB_Boqueirão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Borborema
  out=BR_PB_Borborema.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Brejo do Cruz
  out=BR_PB_Brejo do Cruz.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Brejo dos Santos
  out=BR_PB_Brejo dos Santos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Caaporã
  out=BR_PB_Caaporã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Cabaceiras
  out=BR_PB_Cabaceiras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Cabedelo
  out=BR_PB_Cabedelo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Cachoeira dos Índios
  out=BR_PB_Cachoeira dos Índios.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Cacimba de Areia
  out=BR_PB_Cacimba de Areia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Cacimba de Dentro
  out=BR_PB_Cacimba de Dentro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Cacimbas
  out=BR_PB_Cacimbas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Caiçara
  out=BR_PB_Caiçara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Cajazeiras
  out=BR_PB_Cajazeiras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Cajazeirinhas
  out=BR_PB_Cajazeirinhas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Caldas Brandão
  out=BR_PB_Caldas Brandão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Camalaú
  out=BR_PB_Camalaú.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Campina Grande
  out=BR_PB_Campina Grande.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Campo de Santana
  out=BR_PB_Campo de Santana.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Capim
  out=BR_PB_Capim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Caraúbas
  out=BR_PB_Caraúbas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Carrapateira
  out=BR_PB_Carrapateira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Casserengue
  out=BR_PB_Casserengue.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Catingueira
  out=BR_PB_Catingueira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Catolé do Rocha
  out=BR_PB_Catolé do Rocha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Caturité
  out=BR_PB_Caturité.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Conceição
  out=BR_PB_Conceição.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Condado
  out=BR_PB_Condado.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Conde
  out=BR_PB_Conde.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Congo
  out=BR_PB_Congo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Coremas
  out=BR_PB_Coremas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Coxixola
  out=BR_PB_Coxixola.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Cruz do Espírito Santo
  out=BR_PB_Cruz do Espírito Santo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Cubati
  out=BR_PB_Cubati.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Cuitegi
  out=BR_PB_Cuitegi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Cuité
  out=BR_PB_Cuité.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Cuité de Mamanguape
  out=BR_PB_Cuité de Mamanguape.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Curral Velho
  out=BR_PB_Curral Velho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Curral de Cima
  out=BR_PB_Curral de Cima.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Damião
  out=BR_PB_Damião.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Desterro
  out=BR_PB_Desterro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Diamante
  out=BR_PB_Diamante.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Dona Inês
  out=BR_PB_Dona Inês.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Duas Estradas
  out=BR_PB_Duas Estradas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Emas
  out=BR_PB_Emas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Esperança
  out=BR_PB_Esperança.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Fagundes
  out=BR_PB_Fagundes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Frei Martinho
  out=BR_PB_Frei Martinho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Gado Bravo
  out=BR_PB_Gado Bravo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Guarabira
  out=BR_PB_Guarabira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Gurinhém
  out=BR_PB_Gurinhém.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Gurjão
  out=BR_PB_Gurjão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Ibiara
  out=BR_PB_Ibiara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Igaracy
  out=BR_PB_Igaracy.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Imaculada
  out=BR_PB_Imaculada.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Inga
  out=BR_PB_Inga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Itabaiana
  out=BR_PB_Itabaiana.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Itaporanga
  out=BR_PB_Itaporanga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Itapororoca
  out=BR_PB_Itapororoca.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Itatuba
  out=BR_PB_Itatuba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Jacaraú
  out=BR_PB_Jacaraú.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Jerico
  out=BR_PB_Jerico.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/João Pessoa
  out=BR_PB_João Pessoa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Juarez Távora
  out=BR_PB_Juarez Távora.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Juazeirinho
  out=BR_PB_Juazeirinho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Junco do Seridó
  out=BR_PB_Junco do Seridó.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Juripiranga
  out=BR_PB_Juripiranga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Juru
  out=BR_PB_Juru.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Lagoa
  out=BR_PB_Lagoa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Lagoa Seca
  out=BR_PB_Lagoa Seca.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Lagoa de Dentro
  out=BR_PB_Lagoa de Dentro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Lastro
  out=BR_PB_Lastro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Livramento
  out=BR_PB_Livramento.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Logradouro
  out=BR_PB_Logradouro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Lucena
  out=BR_PB_Lucena.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Malta
  out=BR_PB_Malta.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Mamanguape
  out=BR_PB_Mamanguape.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Manaíra
  out=BR_PB_Manaíra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Marcação
  out=BR_PB_Marcação.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Mari
  out=BR_PB_Mari.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Marizópolis
  out=BR_PB_Marizópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Massaranduba
  out=BR_PB_Massaranduba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Mataraca
  out=BR_PB_Mataraca.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Matinhas
  out=BR_PB_Matinhas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Mato Grosso
  out=BR_PB_Mato Grosso.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Maturéia
  out=BR_PB_Maturéia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Mogeiro
  out=BR_PB_Mogeiro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Montadas
  out=BR_PB_Montadas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Monte Horebe
  out=BR_PB_Monte Horebe.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Monteiro
  out=BR_PB_Monteiro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Mulungú
  out=BR_PB_Mulungú.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Mãe d'água
  out=BR_PB_Mãe d'água.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Natuba
  out=BR_PB_Natuba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Nazarezinho
  out=BR_PB_Nazarezinho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Nova Floresta
  out=BR_PB_Nova Floresta.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Nova Olinda
  out=BR_PB_Nova Olinda.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Nova Palmeira
  out=BR_PB_Nova Palmeira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Olho d'Água
  out=BR_PB_Olho d'Água.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Olivedos
  out=BR_PB_Olivedos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Ouro Velho
  out=BR_PB_Ouro Velho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Parari
  out=BR_PB_Parari.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Passagem
  out=BR_PB_Passagem.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Patos
  out=BR_PB_Patos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Paulista
  out=BR_PB_Paulista.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Pedra Branca
  out=BR_PB_Pedra Branca.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Pedra Lavrada
  out=BR_PB_Pedra Lavrada.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Pedras de Fogo
  out=BR_PB_Pedras de Fogo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Pedro Régis
  out=BR_PB_Pedro Régis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Piancó
  out=BR_PB_Piancó.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Picuí
  out=BR_PB_Picuí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Pilar
  out=BR_PB_Pilar.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Pilões
  out=BR_PB_Pilões.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Pilõezinhos
  out=BR_PB_Pilõezinhos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Pirpirituba
  out=BR_PB_Pirpirituba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Pitimbu
  out=BR_PB_Pitimbu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Pocinhos
  out=BR_PB_Pocinhos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Pombal
  out=BR_PB_Pombal.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Poço Dantas
  out=BR_PB_Poço Dantas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Poço de José de Moura
  out=BR_PB_Poço de José de Moura.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Prata
  out=BR_PB_Prata.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Princesa Isabel
  out=BR_PB_Princesa Isabel.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Puxinanã
  out=BR_PB_Puxinanã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Queimadas
  out=BR_PB_Queimadas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Quixaba
  out=BR_PB_Quixaba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Remígio
  out=BR_PB_Remígio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Riacho de Santo Antônio
  out=BR_PB_Riacho de Santo Antônio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Riacho dos Cavalos
  out=BR_PB_Riacho dos Cavalos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Riachão
  out=BR_PB_Riachão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Riachão do Bacamarte
  out=BR_PB_Riachão do Bacamarte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Riachão do Poço
  out=BR_PB_Riachão do Poço.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Rio Tinto
  out=BR_PB_Rio Tinto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Salgadinho
  out=BR_PB_Salgadinho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Salgado de São Félix
  out=BR_PB_Salgado de São Félix.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Santa Cecília
  out=BR_PB_Santa Cecília.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Santa Cruz
  out=BR_PB_Santa Cruz.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Santa Helena
  out=BR_PB_Santa Helena.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Santa Inês
  out=BR_PB_Santa Inês.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Santa Luzia
  out=BR_PB_Santa Luzia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Santa Rita
  out=BR_PB_Santa Rita.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Santa Teresinha
  out=BR_PB_Santa Teresinha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Santana de Mangueira
  out=BR_PB_Santana de Mangueira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Santana dos Garrotes
  out=BR_PB_Santana dos Garrotes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Santarém
  out=BR_PB_Santarém.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Santo André
  out=BR_PB_Santo André.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Sapé
  out=BR_PB_Sapé.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Seridó
  out=BR_PB_Seridó.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Serra Branca
  out=BR_PB_Serra Branca.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Serra Grande
  out=BR_PB_Serra Grande.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Serra Redonda
  out=BR_PB_Serra Redonda.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Serra da Raiz
  out=BR_PB_Serra da Raiz.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Serraria
  out=BR_PB_Serraria.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Sertãozinho
  out=BR_PB_Sertãozinho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Sobrado
  out=BR_PB_Sobrado.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Soledade
  out=BR_PB_Soledade.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Solânea
  out=BR_PB_Solânea.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Sossego
  out=BR_PB_Sossego.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Sousa
  out=BR_PB_Sousa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Sumé
  out=BR_PB_Sumé.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/São Bentinho
  out=BR_PB_São Bentinho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/São Bento
  out=BR_PB_São Bento.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/São Domingos de Pombal
  out=BR_PB_São Domingos de Pombal.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/São Domingos do Cariri
  out=BR_PB_São Domingos do Cariri.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/São Francisco
  out=BR_PB_São Francisco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/São José da Lagoa Tapada
  out=BR_PB_São José da Lagoa Tapada.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/São José de Caiana
  out=BR_PB_São José de Caiana.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/São José de Espinharas
  out=BR_PB_São José de Espinharas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/São José de Piranhas
  out=BR_PB_São José de Piranhas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/São José de Princesa
  out=BR_PB_São José de Princesa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/São José do Bonfim
  out=BR_PB_São José do Bonfim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/São José do Brejo do Cruz
  out=BR_PB_São José do Brejo do Cruz.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/São José do Sabugi
  out=BR_PB_São José do Sabugi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/São José dos Cordeiros
  out=BR_PB_São José dos Cordeiros.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/São José dos Ramos
  out=BR_PB_São José dos Ramos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/São João do Cariri
  out=BR_PB_São João do Cariri.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/São João do Rio do Peixe
  out=BR_PB_São João do Rio do Peixe.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/São João do Tigre
  out=BR_PB_São João do Tigre.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/São Mamede
  out=BR_PB_São Mamede.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/São Miguel de Taipu
  out=BR_PB_São Miguel de Taipu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/São Sebastião de Lagoa de Roça
  out=BR_PB_São Sebastião de Lagoa de Roça.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/São Sebastião do Umbuzeiro
  out=BR_PB_São Sebastião do Umbuzeiro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Taperoá
  out=BR_PB_Taperoá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Tavares
  out=BR_PB_Tavares.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Teixeira
  out=BR_PB_Teixeira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Tenório
  out=BR_PB_Tenório.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Triunfo
  out=BR_PB_Triunfo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Uiraúna
  out=BR_PB_Uiraúna.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Umbuzeiro
  out=BR_PB_Umbuzeiro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Vieirópolis
  out=BR_PB_Vieirópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Vista Serrana
  out=BR_PB_Vista Serrana.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Várzea
  out=BR_PB_Várzea.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Zabelê
  out=BR_PB_Zabelê.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PB/Água Branca
  out=BR_PB_Água Branca.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE
  out=BR_PE.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Abreu e Lima
  out=BR_PE_Abreu e Lima.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Afogados da Ingazeira
  out=BR_PE_Afogados da Ingazeira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Afrânio
  out=BR_PE_Afrânio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Agrestina
  out=BR_PE_Agrestina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Alagoinha
  out=BR_PE_Alagoinha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Aliança
  out=BR_PE_Aliança.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Altinho
  out=BR_PE_Altinho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Amaraji
  out=BR_PE_Amaraji.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Angelim
  out=BR_PE_Angelim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Aracoiaba
  out=BR_PE_Aracoiaba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Araripina
  out=BR_PE_Araripina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Arcoverde
  out=BR_PE_Arcoverde.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Barra de Guabiraba
  out=BR_PE_Barra de Guabiraba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Barreiros
  out=BR_PE_Barreiros.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Belo Jardim
  out=BR_PE_Belo Jardim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Belém de Maria
  out=BR_PE_Belém de Maria.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Belém de São Francisco
  out=BR_PE_Belém de São Francisco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Betania
  out=BR_PE_Betania.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Bezerros
  out=BR_PE_Bezerros.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Bodoco
  out=BR_PE_Bodoco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Bom Conselho
  out=BR_PE_Bom Conselho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Bom Jardim
  out=BR_PE_Bom Jardim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Bonito
  out=BR_PE_Bonito.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Brejinho
  out=BR_PE_Brejinho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Brejo da Madre de Deus
  out=BR_PE_Brejo da Madre de Deus.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Brejão
  out=BR_PE_Brejão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Buenos Aires
  out=BR_PE_Buenos Aires.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Buíque
  out=BR_PE_Buíque.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Cabo de Santo Agostinho
  out=BR_PE_Cabo de Santo Agostinho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Cabrobó
  out=BR_PE_Cabrobó.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Cachoeirinha
  out=BR_PE_Cachoeirinha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Caetés
  out=BR_PE_Caetés.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Calumbi
  out=BR_PE_Calumbi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Calçado
  out=BR_PE_Calçado.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Camaragibe
  out=BR_PE_Camaragibe.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Camocim de São Félix
  out=BR_PE_Camocim de São Félix.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Camutanga
  out=BR_PE_Camutanga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Canhotinho
  out=BR_PE_Canhotinho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Capoeiras
  out=BR_PE_Capoeiras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Carnaiba
  out=BR_PE_Carnaiba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Carnaubeira da Penha
  out=BR_PE_Carnaubeira da Penha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Carpina
  out=BR_PE_Carpina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Caruaru
  out=BR_PE_Caruaru.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Casinhas
  out=BR_PE_Casinhas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Catende
  out=BR_PE_Catende.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Cedro
  out=BR_PE_Cedro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Chã Grande
  out=BR_PE_Chã Grande.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Chã de Alegria
  out=BR_PE_Chã de Alegria.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Condado
  out=BR_PE_Condado.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Correntes
  out=BR_PE_Correntes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Cortés
  out=BR_PE_Cortés.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Cumaru
  out=BR_PE_Cumaru.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Cupira
  out=BR_PE_Cupira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Custodia
  out=BR_PE_Custodia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Dormentes
  out=BR_PE_Dormentes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Escada
  out=BR_PE_Escada.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Exu
  out=BR_PE_Exu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Feira Nova
  out=BR_PE_Feira Nova.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Fernando de Noronha (Distrito Estadual)
  out=BR_PE_Fernando de Noronha (Distrito Estadual).json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Ferreiros
  out=BR_PE_Ferreiros.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Flores
  out=BR_PE_Flores.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Floresta
  out=BR_PE_Floresta.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Frei Miguelinho
  out=BR_PE_Frei Miguelinho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Gameleira
  out=BR_PE_Gameleira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Garanhuns
  out=BR_PE_Garanhuns.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Glória do Goitá
  out=BR_PE_Glória do Goitá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Goiana
  out=BR_PE_Goiana.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Granito
  out=BR_PE_Granito.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Gravatá
  out=BR_PE_Gravatá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Iati
  out=BR_PE_Iati.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Ibimirim
  out=BR_PE_Ibimirim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Ibirajuba
  out=BR_PE_Ibirajuba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Igarassu
  out=BR_PE_Igarassu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Iguaraci
  out=BR_PE_Iguaraci.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Ilha de Itamaracá
  out=BR_PE_Ilha de Itamaracá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Inajá
  out=BR_PE_Inajá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Ingazeira
  out=BR_PE_Ingazeira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Ipojuca
  out=BR_PE_Ipojuca.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Ipubi
  out=BR_PE_Ipubi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Itacuruba
  out=BR_PE_Itacuruba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Itaiba
  out=BR_PE_Itaiba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Itambé
  out=BR_PE_Itambé.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Itapetim
  out=BR_PE_Itapetim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Itapissuma
  out=BR_PE_Itapissuma.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Itaquitinga
  out=BR_PE_Itaquitinga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Jaboatão dos Guararapes
  out=BR_PE_Jaboatão dos Guararapes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Jaqueira
  out=BR_PE_Jaqueira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Jatauba
  out=BR_PE_Jatauba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Jatobá
  out=BR_PE_Jatobá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Joaquim Nabuco
  out=BR_PE_Joaquim Nabuco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/João Alfredo
  out=BR_PE_João Alfredo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Jucati
  out=BR_PE_Jucati.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Jupi
  out=BR_PE_Jupi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Jurema
  out=BR_PE_Jurema.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Lagoa Grande
  out=BR_PE_Lagoa Grande.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Lagoa do Carro
  out=BR_PE_Lagoa do Carro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Lagoa do Itaenga
  out=BR_PE_Lagoa do Itaenga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Lagoa do Ouro
  out=BR_PE_Lagoa do Ouro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Lagoa dos Gatos
  out=BR_PE_Lagoa dos Gatos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Lajedo
  out=BR_PE_Lajedo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Limoeiro
  out=BR_PE_Limoeiro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Macaparana
  out=BR_PE_Macaparana.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Machados
  out=BR_PE_Machados.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Manari
  out=BR_PE_Manari.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Maraial
  out=BR_PE_Maraial.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Mirandiba
  out=BR_PE_Mirandiba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Moreilandia
  out=BR_PE_Moreilandia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Moreno
  out=BR_PE_Moreno.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Nazaré da Mata
  out=BR_PE_Nazaré da Mata.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Olinda
  out=BR_PE_Olinda.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Orobó
  out=BR_PE_Orobó.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Oroco
  out=BR_PE_Oroco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Ouricuri
  out=BR_PE_Ouricuri.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Palmares
  out=BR_PE_Palmares.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Palmeirina
  out=BR_PE_Palmeirina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Panelas
  out=BR_PE_Panelas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Paranatama
  out=BR_PE_Paranatama.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Parnamirim
  out=BR_PE_Parnamirim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Passira
  out=BR_PE_Passira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Paudalho
  out=BR_PE_Paudalho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Paulista
  out=BR_PE_Paulista.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Pedrá
  out=BR_PE_Pedrá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Pesqueira
  out=BR_PE_Pesqueira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Petrolina
  out=BR_PE_Petrolina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Petrolândia
  out=BR_PE_Petrolândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Pombos
  out=BR_PE_Pombos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Poção
  out=BR_PE_Poção.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Primavera
  out=BR_PE_Primavera.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Quipapá
  out=BR_PE_Quipapá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Quixaba
  out=BR_PE_Quixaba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Recife
  out=BR_PE_Recife.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Riacho das Almas
  out=BR_PE_Riacho das Almas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Ribeirão
  out=BR_PE_Ribeirão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Rio Formoso
  out=BR_PE_Rio Formoso.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Sairé
  out=BR_PE_Sairé.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Salgadinho
  out=BR_PE_Salgadinho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Salgueiro
  out=BR_PE_Salgueiro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Saloa
  out=BR_PE_Saloa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Sanharo
  out=BR_PE_Sanharo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Santa Cruz
  out=BR_PE_Santa Cruz.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Santa Cruz da Baixa Verde
  out=BR_PE_Santa Cruz da Baixa Verde.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Santa Cruz do Capibaribe
  out=BR_PE_Santa Cruz do Capibaribe.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Santa Filomena
  out=BR_PE_Santa Filomena.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Santa Maria da Boa Vista
  out=BR_PE_Santa Maria da Boa Vista.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Santa Maria do Cambucá
  out=BR_PE_Santa Maria do Cambucá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Santa Terezinha
  out=BR_PE_Santa Terezinha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Serra Talhada
  out=BR_PE_Serra Talhada.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Serrita
  out=BR_PE_Serrita.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Sertânia
  out=BR_PE_Sertânia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Sirinhaém
  out=BR_PE_Sirinhaém.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Solidao
  out=BR_PE_Solidao.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Surubim
  out=BR_PE_Surubim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/São Benedito do Sul
  out=BR_PE_São Benedito do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/São Bento do Una
  out=BR_PE_São Bento do Una.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/São Caetano
  out=BR_PE_São Caetano.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/São Joaquim do Monte
  out=BR_PE_São Joaquim do Monte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/São José da Coroa Grande
  out=BR_PE_São José da Coroa Grande.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/São José do Belmonte
  out=BR_PE_São José do Belmonte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/São José do Egito
  out=BR_PE_São José do Egito.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/São João
  out=BR_PE_São João.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/São Lourenço da Mata
  out=BR_PE_São Lourenço da Mata.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/São Vicente Ferrer
  out=BR_PE_São Vicente Ferrer.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Tabira
  out=BR_PE_Tabira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Tacaimbó
  out=BR_PE_Tacaimbó.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Tacaratu
  out=BR_PE_Tacaratu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Tamandaré
  out=BR_PE_Tamandaré.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Taquaritinga do Norte
  out=BR_PE_Taquaritinga do Norte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Terezinha
  out=BR_PE_Terezinha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Terra Nova
  out=BR_PE_Terra Nova.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Timbaúba
  out=BR_PE_Timbaúba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Toritama
  out=BR_PE_Toritama.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Tracunhaém
  out=BR_PE_Tracunhaém.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Trindade
  out=BR_PE_Trindade.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Triunfo
  out=BR_PE_Triunfo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Tupanatinga
  out=BR_PE_Tupanatinga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Tuparetama
  out=BR_PE_Tuparetama.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Venturosa
  out=BR_PE_Venturosa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Verdejante
  out=BR_PE_Verdejante.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Vertentes
  out=BR_PE_Vertentes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Vertentes do Lério
  out=BR_PE_Vertentes do Lério.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Vicência
  out=BR_PE_Vicência.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Vitória de Santo Antão
  out=BR_PE_Vitória de Santo Antão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Xexéu
  out=BR_PE_Xexéu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Água Preta
  out=BR_PE_Água Preta.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PE/Águas Belas
  out=BR_PE_Águas Belas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI
  out=BR_PI.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Acauã
  out=BR_PI_Acauã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Agricolândia
  out=BR_PI_Agricolândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Alagoinha do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_Alagoinha do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Alegrete do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_Alegrete do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Alto Longá
  out=BR_PI_Alto Longá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Altos
  out=BR_PI_Altos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Alvorada do Gurguéia
  out=BR_PI_Alvorada do Gurguéia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Amarante
  out=BR_PI_Amarante.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Angical do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_Angical do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Antônio Almeida
  out=BR_PI_Antônio Almeida.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Anísio de Abreu
  out=BR_PI_Anísio de Abreu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Aroazes
  out=BR_PI_Aroazes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Aroeiras do Itaim
  out=BR_PI_Aroeiras do Itaim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Arraial
  out=BR_PI_Arraial.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Assunção do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_Assunção do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Avelino Lopes
  out=BR_PI_Avelino Lopes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Baixa Grande do Ribeiro
  out=BR_PI_Baixa Grande do Ribeiro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Barra d'Alcântara
  out=BR_PI_Barra d'Alcântara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Barras
  out=BR_PI_Barras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Barreiras do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_Barreiras do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Barro Duro
  out=BR_PI_Barro Duro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Batalha
  out=BR_PI_Batalha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Bela Vista do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_Bela Vista do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Belém do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_Belém do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Beneditinos
  out=BR_PI_Beneditinos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Bertolínia
  out=BR_PI_Bertolínia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Betânia do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_Betânia do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Boa Hora
  out=BR_PI_Boa Hora.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Bocaina
  out=BR_PI_Bocaina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Bom Jesus
  out=BR_PI_Bom Jesus.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Bom Princípio do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_Bom Princípio do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Bonfim do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_Bonfim do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Boqueirão do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_Boqueirão do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Brasileira
  out=BR_PI_Brasileira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Brejo do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_Brejo do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Buriti dos Lopes
  out=BR_PI_Buriti dos Lopes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Buriti dos Montes
  out=BR_PI_Buriti dos Montes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Cabeceiras do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_Cabeceiras do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Cajazeiras do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_Cajazeiras do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Cajueiro da Praia
  out=BR_PI_Cajueiro da Praia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Caldeirão Grande do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_Caldeirão Grande do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Campinas do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_Campinas do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Campo Alegre do Fidalgo
  out=BR_PI_Campo Alegre do Fidalgo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Campo Grande do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_Campo Grande do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Campo Largo do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_Campo Largo do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Campo Maior
  out=BR_PI_Campo Maior.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Canavieira
  out=BR_PI_Canavieira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Canto do Buriti
  out=BR_PI_Canto do Buriti.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Capitão Gervásio Oliveira
  out=BR_PI_Capitão Gervásio Oliveira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Capitão de Campos
  out=BR_PI_Capitão de Campos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Caracol
  out=BR_PI_Caracol.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Caraúbas do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_Caraúbas do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Caridade do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_Caridade do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Castelo do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_Castelo do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Caxingó
  out=BR_PI_Caxingó.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Cocal
  out=BR_PI_Cocal.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Cocal de Telha
  out=BR_PI_Cocal de Telha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Cocal dos Alves
  out=BR_PI_Cocal dos Alves.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Coivaras
  out=BR_PI_Coivaras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Colônia do Gurguéia
  out=BR_PI_Colônia do Gurguéia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Colônia do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_Colônia do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Conceição do Canindé
  out=BR_PI_Conceição do Canindé.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Coronel José Dias
  out=BR_PI_Coronel José Dias.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Corrente
  out=BR_PI_Corrente.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Cristalândia do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_Cristalândia do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Cristino Castro
  out=BR_PI_Cristino Castro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Curimatá
  out=BR_PI_Curimatá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Currais
  out=BR_PI_Currais.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Curral Novo do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_Curral Novo do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Curralinhos
  out=BR_PI_Curralinhos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Demerval Lobão
  out=BR_PI_Demerval Lobão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Dirceu Arcoverde
  out=BR_PI_Dirceu Arcoverde.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Dom Expedito Lopes
  out=BR_PI_Dom Expedito Lopes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Dom Inocêncio
  out=BR_PI_Dom Inocêncio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Domingos Mourão
  out=BR_PI_Domingos Mourão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Elesbão Veloso
  out=BR_PI_Elesbão Veloso.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Eliseu Martins
  out=BR_PI_Eliseu Martins.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Esperantina
  out=BR_PI_Esperantina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Fartura do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_Fartura do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Flores do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_Flores do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Floresta do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_Floresta do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Floriano
  out=BR_PI_Floriano.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Francinópolis
  out=BR_PI_Francinópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Francisco Ayres
  out=BR_PI_Francisco Ayres.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Francisco Macedo
  out=BR_PI_Francisco Macedo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Francisco Santos
  out=BR_PI_Francisco Santos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Fronteiras
  out=BR_PI_Fronteiras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Geminiano
  out=BR_PI_Geminiano.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Gilbués
  out=BR_PI_Gilbués.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Guadalupe
  out=BR_PI_Guadalupe.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Guaribas
  out=BR_PI_Guaribas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Hugo Napoleão
  out=BR_PI_Hugo Napoleão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Ilha Grande
  out=BR_PI_Ilha Grande.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Inhuma
  out=BR_PI_Inhuma.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Ipiranga do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_Ipiranga do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Isaías Coelho
  out=BR_PI_Isaías Coelho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Itainópolis
  out=BR_PI_Itainópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Itaueira
  out=BR_PI_Itaueira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Jacobina do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_Jacobina do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Jaicós
  out=BR_PI_Jaicós.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Jardim do Mulato
  out=BR_PI_Jardim do Mulato.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Jatobá do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_Jatobá do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Jerumenha
  out=BR_PI_Jerumenha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Joaquim Pires
  out=BR_PI_Joaquim Pires.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Joca Marques
  out=BR_PI_Joca Marques.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/José de Freitas
  out=BR_PI_José de Freitas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/João Costa
  out=BR_PI_João Costa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Juazeiro do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_Juazeiro do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Julio Borges
  out=BR_PI_Julio Borges.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Jurema
  out=BR_PI_Jurema.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Lagoa Alegre
  out=BR_PI_Lagoa Alegre.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Lagoa de São Francisco
  out=BR_PI_Lagoa de São Francisco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Lagoa do Barro do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_Lagoa do Barro do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Lagoa do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_Lagoa do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Lagoa do Sítio
  out=BR_PI_Lagoa do Sítio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Lagoinha do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_Lagoinha do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Landri Sales
  out=BR_PI_Landri Sales.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Luzilândia
  out=BR_PI_Luzilândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Luís Correia
  out=BR_PI_Luís Correia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Madeiro
  out=BR_PI_Madeiro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Manoel Emídio
  out=BR_PI_Manoel Emídio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Marcolândia
  out=BR_PI_Marcolândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Marcos Parente
  out=BR_PI_Marcos Parente.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Massapê do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_Massapê do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Matias Olímpio
  out=BR_PI_Matias Olímpio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Miguel Alves
  out=BR_PI_Miguel Alves.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Miguel Leão
  out=BR_PI_Miguel Leão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Milton Brandão
  out=BR_PI_Milton Brandão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Monsenhor Gil
  out=BR_PI_Monsenhor Gil.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Monsenhor Hipólito
  out=BR_PI_Monsenhor Hipólito.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Monte Alegre do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_Monte Alegre do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Morro Cabeça no Tempo
  out=BR_PI_Morro Cabeça no Tempo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Morro do Chapéu do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_Morro do Chapéu do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Murici dos Portelas
  out=BR_PI_Murici dos Portelas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Nazaré do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_Nazaré do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Nossa Senhora de Nazaré
  out=BR_PI_Nossa Senhora de Nazaré.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Nossa Senhora dos Remédios
  out=BR_PI_Nossa Senhora dos Remédios.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Nova Santa Rita
  out=BR_PI_Nova Santa Rita.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Novo Oriente do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_Novo Oriente do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Novo Santo Antônio
  out=BR_PI_Novo Santo Antônio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Oeiras
  out=BR_PI_Oeiras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Olho d'Água do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_Olho d'Água do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Padre Marcos
  out=BR_PI_Padre Marcos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Paes Landim
  out=BR_PI_Paes Landim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Pajeú do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_Pajeú do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Palmeira do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_Palmeira do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Palmeirais
  out=BR_PI_Palmeirais.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Paquetá
  out=BR_PI_Paquetá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Parnaguá
  out=BR_PI_Parnaguá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Parnaíba
  out=BR_PI_Parnaíba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Passagem Franca do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_Passagem Franca do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Patos do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_Patos do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Pau d'Arco do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_Pau d'Arco do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Paulistana
  out=BR_PI_Paulistana.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Pavussu
  out=BR_PI_Pavussu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Pedro II
  out=BR_PI_Pedro II.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Pedro Laurentino
  out=BR_PI_Pedro Laurentino.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Picos
  out=BR_PI_Picos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Pimenteiras
  out=BR_PI_Pimenteiras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Pio IX
  out=BR_PI_Pio IX.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Piracuruca
  out=BR_PI_Piracuruca.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Piripiri
  out=BR_PI_Piripiri.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Porto
  out=BR_PI_Porto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Porto Alegre do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_Porto Alegre do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Prata do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_Prata do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Queimada Nova
  out=BR_PI_Queimada Nova.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Redenção do Gurguéia
  out=BR_PI_Redenção do Gurguéia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Regeneração
  out=BR_PI_Regeneração.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Riacho Frio
  out=BR_PI_Riacho Frio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Ribeira do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_Ribeira do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Ribeiro Gonçalves
  out=BR_PI_Ribeiro Gonçalves.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Rio Grande do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_Rio Grande do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Santa Cruz do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_Santa Cruz do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Santa Cruz dos Milagres
  out=BR_PI_Santa Cruz dos Milagres.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Santa Filomena
  out=BR_PI_Santa Filomena.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Santa Luz
  out=BR_PI_Santa Luz.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Santa Rosa do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_Santa Rosa do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Santana do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_Santana do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Santo Antônio de Lisboa
  out=BR_PI_Santo Antônio de Lisboa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Santo Antônio dos Milagres
  out=BR_PI_Santo Antônio dos Milagres.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Santo Inácio do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_Santo Inácio do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Sebastião Barros
  out=BR_PI_Sebastião Barros.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Sebastião Leal
  out=BR_PI_Sebastião Leal.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Sigefredo Pacheco
  out=BR_PI_Sigefredo Pacheco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Simplício Mendes
  out=BR_PI_Simplício Mendes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Simões
  out=BR_PI_Simões.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Socorro do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_Socorro do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Sussuapara
  out=BR_PI_Sussuapara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/São Braz do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_São Braz do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/São Francisco de Assis do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_São Francisco de Assis do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/São Francisco do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_São Francisco do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/São Félix do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_São Félix do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/São Gonçalo do Gurguéia
  out=BR_PI_São Gonçalo do Gurguéia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/São Gonçalo do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_São Gonçalo do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/São José do Divino
  out=BR_PI_São José do Divino.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/São José do Peixe
  out=BR_PI_São José do Peixe.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/São José do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_São José do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/São João da Canabrava
  out=BR_PI_São João da Canabrava.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/São João da Fronteira
  out=BR_PI_São João da Fronteira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/São João da Serra
  out=BR_PI_São João da Serra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/São João da Varjota
  out=BR_PI_São João da Varjota.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/São João do Arraial
  out=BR_PI_São João do Arraial.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/São João do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_São João do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/São Julião
  out=BR_PI_São Julião.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/São Lourenço do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_São Lourenço do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/São Luís do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_São Luís do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/São Miguel da Baixa Grande
  out=BR_PI_São Miguel da Baixa Grande.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/São Miguel do Fidalgo
  out=BR_PI_São Miguel do Fidalgo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/São Miguel do Tapuio
  out=BR_PI_São Miguel do Tapuio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/São Pedro do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_São Pedro do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/São Raimundo Nonato
  out=BR_PI_São Raimundo Nonato.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Tamboril do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_Tamboril do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Tanque do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_Tanque do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Teresina
  out=BR_PI_Teresina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/União
  out=BR_PI_União.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Uruçuí
  out=BR_PI_Uruçuí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Valença do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_Valença do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Vera Mendes
  out=BR_PI_Vera Mendes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Vila Nova do Piauí
  out=BR_PI_Vila Nova do Piauí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Várzea Branca
  out=BR_PI_Várzea Branca.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Várzea Grande
  out=BR_PI_Várzea Grande.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Wall Ferraz
  out=BR_PI_Wall Ferraz.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PI/Água Branca
  out=BR_PI_Água Branca.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR
  out=BR_PR.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Abatiá
  out=BR_PR_Abatiá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Adrianópolis
  out=BR_PR_Adrianópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Agudos do Sul
  out=BR_PR_Agudos do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Almirante Tamandaré
  out=BR_PR_Almirante Tamandaré.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Altamira do Paraná
  out=BR_PR_Altamira do Paraná.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Alto Paraná
  out=BR_PR_Alto Paraná.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Alto Piquiri
  out=BR_PR_Alto Piquiri.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Altônia
  out=BR_PR_Altônia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Alvorada do Sul
  out=BR_PR_Alvorada do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Amaporã
  out=BR_PR_Amaporã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Ampere
  out=BR_PR_Ampere.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Anahy
  out=BR_PR_Anahy.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Andira
  out=BR_PR_Andira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Angulo
  out=BR_PR_Angulo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Antonina
  out=BR_PR_Antonina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Antônio Olinto
  out=BR_PR_Antônio Olinto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Apucarana
  out=BR_PR_Apucarana.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Arapongas
  out=BR_PR_Arapongas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Arapoti
  out=BR_PR_Arapoti.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Arapuá
  out=BR_PR_Arapuá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Araruna
  out=BR_PR_Araruna.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Araucaria
  out=BR_PR_Araucaria.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Ariranha do Ivaí
  out=BR_PR_Ariranha do Ivaí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Assaí
  out=BR_PR_Assaí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Assis Chateaubriand
  out=BR_PR_Assis Chateaubriand.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Astorga
  out=BR_PR_Astorga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Atalaia
  out=BR_PR_Atalaia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Balsa Nova
  out=BR_PR_Balsa Nova.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Bandeirantes
  out=BR_PR_Bandeirantes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Barbosa Ferraz
  out=BR_PR_Barbosa Ferraz.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Barra do Jacaré
  out=BR_PR_Barra do Jacaré.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Barracão
  out=BR_PR_Barracão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Bela Vista da Caroba
  out=BR_PR_Bela Vista da Caroba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Bela Vista do Paraíso
  out=BR_PR_Bela Vista do Paraíso.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Bituruna
  out=BR_PR_Bituruna.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Boa Esperança
  out=BR_PR_Boa Esperança.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Boa Esperança do Iguaçu
  out=BR_PR_Boa Esperança do Iguaçu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Boa Ventura de São Roque
  out=BR_PR_Boa Ventura de São Roque.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Boa Vista da Aparecida
  out=BR_PR_Boa Vista da Aparecida.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Bocaiúva do Sul
  out=BR_PR_Bocaiúva do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Bom Jesus do Sul
  out=BR_PR_Bom Jesus do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Bom Sucesso
  out=BR_PR_Bom Sucesso.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Bom Sucesso do Sul
  out=BR_PR_Bom Sucesso do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Borrazópolis
  out=BR_PR_Borrazópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Braganey
  out=BR_PR_Braganey.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Brasilândia do Sul
  out=BR_PR_Brasilândia do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Cafeara
  out=BR_PR_Cafeara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Cafelândia
  out=BR_PR_Cafelândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Cafezal do Sul
  out=BR_PR_Cafezal do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/California
  out=BR_PR_California.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Cambará
  out=BR_PR_Cambará.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Cambira
  out=BR_PR_Cambira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Cambé
  out=BR_PR_Cambé.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Campina Grande do Sul
  out=BR_PR_Campina Grande do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Campina da Lagoa
  out=BR_PR_Campina da Lagoa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Campina do Simão
  out=BR_PR_Campina do Simão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Campo Bonito
  out=BR_PR_Campo Bonito.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Campo Largo
  out=BR_PR_Campo Largo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Campo Magro
  out=BR_PR_Campo Magro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Campo Mourão
  out=BR_PR_Campo Mourão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Campo do Tenente
  out=BR_PR_Campo do Tenente.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Candói
  out=BR_PR_Candói.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Cantagalo
  out=BR_PR_Cantagalo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Capanema
  out=BR_PR_Capanema.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Capitão Leônidas Marques
  out=BR_PR_Capitão Leônidas Marques.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Carambeí
  out=BR_PR_Carambeí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Carlópolis
  out=BR_PR_Carlópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Cascavel
  out=BR_PR_Cascavel.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Castro
  out=BR_PR_Castro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Catanduvas
  out=BR_PR_Catanduvas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Centenário do Sul
  out=BR_PR_Centenário do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Cerro Azul
  out=BR_PR_Cerro Azul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Chopinzinho
  out=BR_PR_Chopinzinho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Cianorte
  out=BR_PR_Cianorte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Cidade Gaúcha
  out=BR_PR_Cidade Gaúcha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Clevelândia
  out=BR_PR_Clevelândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Colombo
  out=BR_PR_Colombo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Colorado
  out=BR_PR_Colorado.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Congonhinhas
  out=BR_PR_Congonhinhas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Conselheiro Mairinck
  out=BR_PR_Conselheiro Mairinck.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Contenda
  out=BR_PR_Contenda.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Corbélia
  out=BR_PR_Corbélia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Cornélio Procópio
  out=BR_PR_Cornélio Procópio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Coronel Domingos Soares
  out=BR_PR_Coronel Domingos Soares.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Coronel Vivida
  out=BR_PR_Coronel Vivida.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Corumbataí do Sul
  out=BR_PR_Corumbataí do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Cruz Machado
  out=BR_PR_Cruz Machado.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Cruzeiro do Iguaçu
  out=BR_PR_Cruzeiro do Iguaçu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Cruzeiro do Oeste
  out=BR_PR_Cruzeiro do Oeste.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Cruzeiro do Sul
  out=BR_PR_Cruzeiro do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Cruzmaltina
  out=BR_PR_Cruzmaltina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Curitiba
  out=BR_PR_Curitiba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Curiúva
  out=BR_PR_Curiúva.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Cândido de Abreu
  out=BR_PR_Cândido de Abreu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Céu Azul
  out=BR_PR_Céu Azul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Diamante d'Oeste
  out=BR_PR_Diamante d'Oeste.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Diamante do Norte
  out=BR_PR_Diamante do Norte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Diamante do Sul
  out=BR_PR_Diamante do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Dois Vizinhos
  out=BR_PR_Dois Vizinhos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Douradina
  out=BR_PR_Douradina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Doutor Camargo
  out=BR_PR_Doutor Camargo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Doutor Ulysses
  out=BR_PR_Doutor Ulysses.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Engenheiro Beltrão
  out=BR_PR_Engenheiro Beltrão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Entre Rios do Oeste
  out=BR_PR_Entre Rios do Oeste.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Enéas Marques
  out=BR_PR_Enéas Marques.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Esperança Nova
  out=BR_PR_Esperança Nova.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Espigão Alto do Iguaçu
  out=BR_PR_Espigão Alto do Iguaçu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Farol
  out=BR_PR_Farol.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Faxinal
  out=BR_PR_Faxinal.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Fazenda Rio Grande
  out=BR_PR_Fazenda Rio Grande.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Fernandes Pinheiro
  out=BR_PR_Fernandes Pinheiro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Figueira
  out=BR_PR_Figueira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Flor da Serra do Sul
  out=BR_PR_Flor da Serra do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Floraí
  out=BR_PR_Floraí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Floresta
  out=BR_PR_Floresta.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Florestópolis
  out=BR_PR_Florestópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Flórida
  out=BR_PR_Flórida.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Formosa do Oeste
  out=BR_PR_Formosa do Oeste.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Foz do Iguaçu
  out=BR_PR_Foz do Iguaçu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Foz do Jordão
  out=BR_PR_Foz do Jordão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Francisco Alves
  out=BR_PR_Francisco Alves.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Francisco Beltrão
  out=BR_PR_Francisco Beltrão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Fênix
  out=BR_PR_Fênix.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/General Carneiro
  out=BR_PR_General Carneiro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Godoy Moreira
  out=BR_PR_Godoy Moreira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Goioerê
  out=BR_PR_Goioerê.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Goioxim
  out=BR_PR_Goioxim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Grandes Rios
  out=BR_PR_Grandes Rios.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Guairaçá
  out=BR_PR_Guairaçá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Guamiranga
  out=BR_PR_Guamiranga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Guapirama
  out=BR_PR_Guapirama.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Guaporema
  out=BR_PR_Guaporema.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Guaraci
  out=BR_PR_Guaraci.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Guaraniaçu
  out=BR_PR_Guaraniaçu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Guarapuava
  out=BR_PR_Guarapuava.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Guaraqueçaba
  out=BR_PR_Guaraqueçaba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Guaratuba
  out=BR_PR_Guaratuba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Guaíra
  out=BR_PR_Guaíra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Honório Serpa
  out=BR_PR_Honório Serpa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Ibaiti
  out=BR_PR_Ibaiti.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Ibema
  out=BR_PR_Ibema.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Ibiporã
  out=BR_PR_Ibiporã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Icaraíma
  out=BR_PR_Icaraíma.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Iguaraçu
  out=BR_PR_Iguaraçu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Iguatu
  out=BR_PR_Iguatu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Imbaú
  out=BR_PR_Imbaú.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Imbituva
  out=BR_PR_Imbituva.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Inajá
  out=BR_PR_Inajá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Indianópolis
  out=BR_PR_Indianópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Inácio Martins
  out=BR_PR_Inácio Martins.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Ipiranga
  out=BR_PR_Ipiranga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Iporá
  out=BR_PR_Iporá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Iracema do Oeste
  out=BR_PR_Iracema do Oeste.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Irati
  out=BR_PR_Irati.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Iretama
  out=BR_PR_Iretama.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Itaguajé
  out=BR_PR_Itaguajé.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Itaipulândia
  out=BR_PR_Itaipulândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Itambaracá
  out=BR_PR_Itambaracá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Itambé
  out=BR_PR_Itambé.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Itapejara d'Oeste
  out=BR_PR_Itapejara d'Oeste.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Itaperuçu
  out=BR_PR_Itaperuçu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Itaúna do Sul
  out=BR_PR_Itaúna do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Ivaiporã
  out=BR_PR_Ivaiporã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Ivatuba
  out=BR_PR_Ivatuba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Ivaté
  out=BR_PR_Ivaté.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Ivaí
  out=BR_PR_Ivaí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Jaboti
  out=BR_PR_Jaboti.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Jacarezinho
  out=BR_PR_Jacarezinho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Jaguapitã
  out=BR_PR_Jaguapitã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Jaguariaíva
  out=BR_PR_Jaguariaíva.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Jandaia do Sul
  out=BR_PR_Jandaia do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Janiópolis
  out=BR_PR_Janiópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Japira
  out=BR_PR_Japira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Japurá
  out=BR_PR_Japurá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Jardim Alegre
  out=BR_PR_Jardim Alegre.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Jardim Olinda
  out=BR_PR_Jardim Olinda.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Jataizinho
  out=BR_PR_Jataizinho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Jesuítas
  out=BR_PR_Jesuítas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Joaquim Távora
  out=BR_PR_Joaquim Távora.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Jundiaí do Sul
  out=BR_PR_Jundiaí do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Juranda
  out=BR_PR_Juranda.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Jussara
  out=BR_PR_Jussara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Kaloré
  out=BR_PR_Kaloré.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Lapa
  out=BR_PR_Lapa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Laranjal
  out=BR_PR_Laranjal.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Laranjeiras do Sul
  out=BR_PR_Laranjeiras do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Leopolis
  out=BR_PR_Leopolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Lidianópolis
  out=BR_PR_Lidianópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Lindoeste
  out=BR_PR_Lindoeste.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Loanda
  out=BR_PR_Loanda.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Lobato
  out=BR_PR_Lobato.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Londrina
  out=BR_PR_Londrina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Luiziana
  out=BR_PR_Luiziana.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Lunardelli
  out=BR_PR_Lunardelli.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Lupionópolis
  out=BR_PR_Lupionópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Mallet
  out=BR_PR_Mallet.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Mamborê
  out=BR_PR_Mamborê.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Mandaguari
  out=BR_PR_Mandaguari.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Mandaguaçu
  out=BR_PR_Mandaguaçu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Mandirituba
  out=BR_PR_Mandirituba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Manfrinópolis
  out=BR_PR_Manfrinópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Mangueirinha
  out=BR_PR_Mangueirinha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Manoel Ribas
  out=BR_PR_Manoel Ribas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Marechal Cândido Rondon
  out=BR_PR_Marechal Cândido Rondon.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Maria Helena
  out=BR_PR_Maria Helena.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Marialva
  out=BR_PR_Marialva.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Marilena
  out=BR_PR_Marilena.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Mariluz
  out=BR_PR_Mariluz.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Marilândia do Sul
  out=BR_PR_Marilândia do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Maringá
  out=BR_PR_Maringá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Maripá
  out=BR_PR_Maripá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Mariópolis
  out=BR_PR_Mariópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Marmeleiro
  out=BR_PR_Marmeleiro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Marquinho
  out=BR_PR_Marquinho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Marumbi
  out=BR_PR_Marumbi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Matelândia
  out=BR_PR_Matelândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Matinhos
  out=BR_PR_Matinhos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Mato Rico
  out=BR_PR_Mato Rico.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Mauá da Serra
  out=BR_PR_Mauá da Serra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Medianeira
  out=BR_PR_Medianeira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Mercedes
  out=BR_PR_Mercedes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Mirador
  out=BR_PR_Mirador.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Miraselva
  out=BR_PR_Miraselva.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Missal
  out=BR_PR_Missal.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Moreira Sales
  out=BR_PR_Moreira Sales.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Morretes
  out=BR_PR_Morretes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Munhoz de Melo
  out=BR_PR_Munhoz de Melo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Nossa Senhora das Graças
  out=BR_PR_Nossa Senhora das Graças.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Nova Aliança do Ivaí
  out=BR_PR_Nova Aliança do Ivaí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Nova América da Colina
  out=BR_PR_Nova América da Colina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Nova Aurora
  out=BR_PR_Nova Aurora.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Nova Cantu
  out=BR_PR_Nova Cantu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Nova Esperança
  out=BR_PR_Nova Esperança.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Nova Esperança do Sudoeste
  out=BR_PR_Nova Esperança do Sudoeste.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Nova Fátima
  out=BR_PR_Nova Fátima.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Nova Laranjeiras
  out=BR_PR_Nova Laranjeiras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Nova Londrina
  out=BR_PR_Nova Londrina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Nova Olímpia
  out=BR_PR_Nova Olímpia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Nova Prata do Iguaçu
  out=BR_PR_Nova Prata do Iguaçu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Nova Santa Bárbara
  out=BR_PR_Nova Santa Bárbara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Nova Santa Rosa
  out=BR_PR_Nova Santa Rosa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Nova Tebas
  out=BR_PR_Nova Tebas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Novo Itacolomi
  out=BR_PR_Novo Itacolomi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Ortigueira
  out=BR_PR_Ortigueira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Ourizona
  out=BR_PR_Ourizona.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Ouro Verde do Oeste
  out=BR_PR_Ouro Verde do Oeste.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Paiçandu
  out=BR_PR_Paiçandu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Palmas
  out=BR_PR_Palmas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Palmeira
  out=BR_PR_Palmeira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Palmital
  out=BR_PR_Palmital.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Palotina
  out=BR_PR_Palotina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Paranacity
  out=BR_PR_Paranacity.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Paranaguá
  out=BR_PR_Paranaguá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Paranapoema
  out=BR_PR_Paranapoema.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Paranavaí
  out=BR_PR_Paranavaí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Paraíso do Norte
  out=BR_PR_Paraíso do Norte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Pato Bragado
  out=BR_PR_Pato Bragado.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Pato Branco
  out=BR_PR_Pato Branco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Paula Freitas
  out=BR_PR_Paula Freitas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Paulo Frontin
  out=BR_PR_Paulo Frontin.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Peabiru
  out=BR_PR_Peabiru.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Perobal
  out=BR_PR_Perobal.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Pinhais
  out=BR_PR_Pinhais.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Pinhal de São Bento
  out=BR_PR_Pinhal de São Bento.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Pinhalão
  out=BR_PR_Pinhalão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Pinhão
  out=BR_PR_Pinhão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Piraquara
  out=BR_PR_Piraquara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Piraí do Sul
  out=BR_PR_Piraí do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Pitanga
  out=BR_PR_Pitanga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Pitangueiras
  out=BR_PR_Pitangueiras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Piên
  out=BR_PR_Piên.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Planaltina do Paraná
  out=BR_PR_Planaltina do Paraná.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Planalto
  out=BR_PR_Planalto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Ponta Grossa
  out=BR_PR_Ponta Grossa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Pontal do Paraná
  out=BR_PR_Pontal do Paraná.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Porecatu
  out=BR_PR_Porecatu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Porto Amazonas
  out=BR_PR_Porto Amazonas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Porto Barreiro
  out=BR_PR_Porto Barreiro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Porto Rico
  out=BR_PR_Porto Rico.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Porto Vitória
  out=BR_PR_Porto Vitória.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Prado Ferreira
  out=BR_PR_Prado Ferreira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Pranchita
  out=BR_PR_Pranchita.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Presidente Castelo Branco
  out=BR_PR_Presidente Castelo Branco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Primeiro de Maio
  out=BR_PR_Primeiro de Maio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Prudentópolis
  out=BR_PR_Prudentópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Pérola
  out=BR_PR_Pérola.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Pérola d'Oeste
  out=BR_PR_Pérola d'Oeste.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Quarto Centenário
  out=BR_PR_Quarto Centenário.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Quatiguá
  out=BR_PR_Quatiguá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Quatro Barras
  out=BR_PR_Quatro Barras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Quatro Pontes
  out=BR_PR_Quatro Pontes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Quedas do Iguaçu
  out=BR_PR_Quedas do Iguaçu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Querência do Norte
  out=BR_PR_Querência do Norte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Quinta do Sol
  out=BR_PR_Quinta do Sol.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Quitandinha
  out=BR_PR_Quitandinha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Ramilândia
  out=BR_PR_Ramilândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Rancho Alegre
  out=BR_PR_Rancho Alegre.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Rancho Alegre d'Oeste
  out=BR_PR_Rancho Alegre d'Oeste.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Realeza
  out=BR_PR_Realeza.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Rebouças
  out=BR_PR_Rebouças.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Renascença
  out=BR_PR_Renascença.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Reserva
  out=BR_PR_Reserva.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Reserva do Iguaçu
  out=BR_PR_Reserva do Iguaçu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Ribeirão Claro
  out=BR_PR_Ribeirão Claro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Ribeirão do Pinhal
  out=BR_PR_Ribeirão do Pinhal.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Rio Bom
  out=BR_PR_Rio Bom.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Rio Bonito do Iguaçu
  out=BR_PR_Rio Bonito do Iguaçu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Rio Branco do Ivaí
  out=BR_PR_Rio Branco do Ivaí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Rio Branco do Sul
  out=BR_PR_Rio Branco do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Rio Negro
  out=BR_PR_Rio Negro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Rolândia
  out=BR_PR_Rolândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Roncador
  out=BR_PR_Roncador.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Rondon
  out=BR_PR_Rondon.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Rosário do Ivaí
  out=BR_PR_Rosário do Ivaí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Río Azul
  out=BR_PR_Río Azul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Sabaudia
  out=BR_PR_Sabaudia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Salgado Filho
  out=BR_PR_Salgado Filho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Salto do Itararé
  out=BR_PR_Salto do Itararé.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Salto do Lontra
  out=BR_PR_Salto do Lontra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Santa Amélia
  out=BR_PR_Santa Amélia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Santa Cecília do Pavão
  out=BR_PR_Santa Cecília do Pavão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Santa Cruz do Monte Castelo
  out=BR_PR_Santa Cruz do Monte Castelo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Santa Fé
  out=BR_PR_Santa Fé.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Santa Helena
  out=BR_PR_Santa Helena.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Santa Inês
  out=BR_PR_Santa Inês.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Santa Isabel do Ivaí
  out=BR_PR_Santa Isabel do Ivaí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Santa Izabel do Oeste
  out=BR_PR_Santa Izabel do Oeste.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Santa Lucia
  out=BR_PR_Santa Lucia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Santa Maria do Oeste
  out=BR_PR_Santa Maria do Oeste.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Santa Mariana
  out=BR_PR_Santa Mariana.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Santa Monica
  out=BR_PR_Santa Monica.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Santa Tereza do Oeste
  out=BR_PR_Santa Tereza do Oeste.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Santa Terezinha de Itaipu
  out=BR_PR_Santa Terezinha de Itaipu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Santana do Itararé
  out=BR_PR_Santana do Itararé.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Santo Antonio Do Sudoeste
  out=BR_PR_Santo Antonio Do Sudoeste.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Santo Antônio da Platina
  out=BR_PR_Santo Antônio da Platina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Santo Antônio do Caiuá
  out=BR_PR_Santo Antônio do Caiuá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Santo Antônio do Paraíso
  out=BR_PR_Santo Antônio do Paraíso.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Santo Inácio
  out=BR_PR_Santo Inácio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Sapopema
  out=BR_PR_Sapopema.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Sarandí
  out=BR_PR_Sarandí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Saudade do Iguaçu
  out=BR_PR_Saudade do Iguaçu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Sengés
  out=BR_PR_Sengés.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Serranópolis do Iguaçu
  out=BR_PR_Serranópolis do Iguaçu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Sertaneja
  out=BR_PR_Sertaneja.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Sertanópolis
  out=BR_PR_Sertanópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Siqueira Campos
  out=BR_PR_Siqueira Campos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Sulina
  out=BR_PR_Sulina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/São Carlos do Ivaí
  out=BR_PR_São Carlos do Ivaí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/São Jerônimo da Serra
  out=BR_PR_São Jerônimo da Serra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/São Jorge d'Oeste
  out=BR_PR_São Jorge d'Oeste.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/São Jorge do Ivaí
  out=BR_PR_São Jorge do Ivaí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/São Jorge do Patrocínio
  out=BR_PR_São Jorge do Patrocínio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/São José da Boa Vista
  out=BR_PR_São José da Boa Vista.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/São José das Palmeiras
  out=BR_PR_São José das Palmeiras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/São José dos Pinhais
  out=BR_PR_São José dos Pinhais.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/São João
  out=BR_PR_São João.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/São João do Caiuá
  out=BR_PR_São João do Caiuá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/São João do Ivaí
  out=BR_PR_São João do Ivaí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/São João do Triunfo
  out=BR_PR_São João do Triunfo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/São Manoel do Paraná
  out=BR_PR_São Manoel do Paraná.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/São Mateus do Sul
  out=BR_PR_São Mateus do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/São Miguel do Iguaçu
  out=BR_PR_São Miguel do Iguaçu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/São Pedro do Iguaçu
  out=BR_PR_São Pedro do Iguaçu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/São Pedro do Ivaí
  out=BR_PR_São Pedro do Ivaí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/São Pedro do Paraná
  out=BR_PR_São Pedro do Paraná.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/São Sebastião da Amoreira
  out=BR_PR_São Sebastião da Amoreira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/São Tomé
  out=BR_PR_São Tomé.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Tamarana
  out=BR_PR_Tamarana.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Tamboara
  out=BR_PR_Tamboara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Tapejara
  out=BR_PR_Tapejara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Tapira
  out=BR_PR_Tapira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Teixeira Soares
  out=BR_PR_Teixeira Soares.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Telêmaco Borba
  out=BR_PR_Telêmaco Borba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Terra Boa
  out=BR_PR_Terra Boa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Terra Rica
  out=BR_PR_Terra Rica.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Terra Roxa
  out=BR_PR_Terra Roxa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Tibagi
  out=BR_PR_Tibagi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Tijucas do Sul
  out=BR_PR_Tijucas do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Toledo
  out=BR_PR_Toledo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Tomazina
  out=BR_PR_Tomazina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Três Barras do Paraná
  out=BR_PR_Três Barras do Paraná.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Tunas do Paraná
  out=BR_PR_Tunas do Paraná.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Tuneiras do Oeste
  out=BR_PR_Tuneiras do Oeste.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Tupãssi
  out=BR_PR_Tupãssi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Turvo
  out=BR_PR_Turvo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Ubiratã
  out=BR_PR_Ubiratã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Umuarama
  out=BR_PR_Umuarama.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Uniflor
  out=BR_PR_Uniflor.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/União da Vitória
  out=BR_PR_União da Vitória.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Uraí
  out=BR_PR_Uraí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Ventania
  out=BR_PR_Ventania.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Vera Cruz do Oeste
  out=BR_PR_Vera Cruz do Oeste.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Verê
  out=BR_PR_Verê.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Vila Alta
  out=BR_PR_Vila Alta.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Virmond
  out=BR_PR_Virmond.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Vitorino
  out=BR_PR_Vitorino.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Wenceslau Braz
  out=BR_PR_Wenceslau Braz.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/PR/Xambrê
  out=BR_PR_Xambrê.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ
  out=BR_RJ.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Angra dos Reis
  out=BR_RJ_Angra dos Reis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Aperibé
  out=BR_RJ_Aperibé.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Araruama
  out=BR_RJ_Araruama.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Areal
  out=BR_RJ_Areal.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Armação dos Búzios
  out=BR_RJ_Armação dos Búzios.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Arraial do Cabo
  out=BR_RJ_Arraial do Cabo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Barra Mansa
  out=BR_RJ_Barra Mansa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Barra do Piraí
  out=BR_RJ_Barra do Piraí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Belford Roxo
  out=BR_RJ_Belford Roxo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Bom Jardim
  out=BR_RJ_Bom Jardim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Bom Jesus do Itabapoana
  out=BR_RJ_Bom Jesus do Itabapoana.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Cabo Frio
  out=BR_RJ_Cabo Frio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Cachoeiras de Macacu
  out=BR_RJ_Cachoeiras de Macacu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Cambuci
  out=BR_RJ_Cambuci.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Campos dos Goytacazes
  out=BR_RJ_Campos dos Goytacazes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Cantagalo
  out=BR_RJ_Cantagalo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Carapebus
  out=BR_RJ_Carapebus.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Cardoso Moreira
  out=BR_RJ_Cardoso Moreira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Carmo
  out=BR_RJ_Carmo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Casimiro de Abreu
  out=BR_RJ_Casimiro de Abreu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Comendador Levy Gasparian
  out=BR_RJ_Comendador Levy Gasparian.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Conceição de Macabu
  out=BR_RJ_Conceição de Macabu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Cordeiro
  out=BR_RJ_Cordeiro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Duas Barras
  out=BR_RJ_Duas Barras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Duque de Caxias
  out=BR_RJ_Duque de Caxias.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Engenheiro Paulo de Frontin
  out=BR_RJ_Engenheiro Paulo de Frontin.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Guapimirim
  out=BR_RJ_Guapimirim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Iguaba Grande
  out=BR_RJ_Iguaba Grande.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Itaboraí
  out=BR_RJ_Itaboraí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Itaguaí
  out=BR_RJ_Itaguaí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Italva
  out=BR_RJ_Italva.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Itaocara
  out=BR_RJ_Itaocara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Itaperuna
  out=BR_RJ_Itaperuna.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Itatiaia
  out=BR_RJ_Itatiaia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Japeri
  out=BR_RJ_Japeri.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Laje do Muriaé
  out=BR_RJ_Laje do Muriaé.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Macaé
  out=BR_RJ_Macaé.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Macuco
  out=BR_RJ_Macuco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Magé
  out=BR_RJ_Magé.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Mangaratiba
  out=BR_RJ_Mangaratiba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Maricá
  out=BR_RJ_Maricá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Mendes
  out=BR_RJ_Mendes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Mesquita
  out=BR_RJ_Mesquita.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Miguel Pereira
  out=BR_RJ_Miguel Pereira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Miracema
  out=BR_RJ_Miracema.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Natividade
  out=BR_RJ_Natividade.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Nilópolis
  out=BR_RJ_Nilópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Niterói
  out=BR_RJ_Niterói.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Nova Friburgo
  out=BR_RJ_Nova Friburgo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Nova Iguaçu
  out=BR_RJ_Nova Iguaçu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Paracambi
  out=BR_RJ_Paracambi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Parati
  out=BR_RJ_Parati.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Paraíba do Sul
  out=BR_RJ_Paraíba do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Paty do Alferes
  out=BR_RJ_Paty do Alferes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Petrópolis
  out=BR_RJ_Petrópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Pinheiral
  out=BR_RJ_Pinheiral.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Piraí
  out=BR_RJ_Piraí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Porciúncula
  out=BR_RJ_Porciúncula.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Porto Real
  out=BR_RJ_Porto Real.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Quatis
  out=BR_RJ_Quatis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Queimados
  out=BR_RJ_Queimados.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Quissamã
  out=BR_RJ_Quissamã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Resende
  out=BR_RJ_Resende.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Rio Bonito
  out=BR_RJ_Rio Bonito.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Rio Claro
  out=BR_RJ_Rio Claro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Rio das Flores
  out=BR_RJ_Rio das Flores.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Rio das Ostras
  out=BR_RJ_Rio das Ostras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Rio de Janeiro
  out=BR_RJ_Rio de Janeiro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Santa Maria Madalena
  out=BR_RJ_Santa Maria Madalena.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Santo Antônio de Pádua
  out=BR_RJ_Santo Antônio de Pádua.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Sapucaia
  out=BR_RJ_Sapucaia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Saquarema
  out=BR_RJ_Saquarema.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Seropédica
  out=BR_RJ_Seropédica.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Silva Jardim
  out=BR_RJ_Silva Jardim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Sumidouro
  out=BR_RJ_Sumidouro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/São Fidélis
  out=BR_RJ_São Fidélis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/São Francisco de Itabapoana
  out=BR_RJ_São Francisco de Itabapoana.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/São Gonçalo
  out=BR_RJ_São Gonçalo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/São José de Ubá
  out=BR_RJ_São José de Ubá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/São José do Vale do Rio Preto
  out=BR_RJ_São José do Vale do Rio Preto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/São João da Barra
  out=BR_RJ_São João da Barra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/São João de Meriti
  out=BR_RJ_São João de Meriti.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/São Pedro da Aldeia
  out=BR_RJ_São Pedro da Aldeia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/São Sebastião do Alto
  out=BR_RJ_São Sebastião do Alto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Tanguá
  out=BR_RJ_Tanguá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Teresópolis
  out=BR_RJ_Teresópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Trajano de Morais
  out=BR_RJ_Trajano de Morais.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Três Rios
  out=BR_RJ_Três Rios.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Valença
  out=BR_RJ_Valença.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Varre-Sai
  out=BR_RJ_Varre-Sai.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Vassouras
  out=BR_RJ_Vassouras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RJ/Volta Redonda
  out=BR_RJ_Volta Redonda.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN
  out=BR_RN.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Acari
  out=BR_RN_Acari.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Afonso Bezerra
  out=BR_RN_Afonso Bezerra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Alexandria
  out=BR_RN_Alexandria.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Almino Afonso
  out=BR_RN_Almino Afonso.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Alto do Rodrigues
  out=BR_RN_Alto do Rodrigues.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Angicos
  out=BR_RN_Angicos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Antônio Martins
  out=BR_RN_Antônio Martins.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Apodi
  out=BR_RN_Apodi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Areia Branca
  out=BR_RN_Areia Branca.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Ares
  out=BR_RN_Ares.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Augusto Severo
  out=BR_RN_Augusto Severo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Açu
  out=BR_RN_Açu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Baraúna
  out=BR_RN_Baraúna.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Barcelona
  out=BR_RN_Barcelona.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Baía Formosa
  out=BR_RN_Baía Formosa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Bento Fernandes
  out=BR_RN_Bento Fernandes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Bodó
  out=BR_RN_Bodó.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Bom Jesus
  out=BR_RN_Bom Jesus.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Brejinho
  out=BR_RN_Brejinho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Caicó
  out=BR_RN_Caicó.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Caiçara do Norte
  out=BR_RN_Caiçara do Norte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Caiçara do Rio do Vento
  out=BR_RN_Caiçara do Rio do Vento.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Campo Redondo
  out=BR_RN_Campo Redondo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Canguaretama
  out=BR_RN_Canguaretama.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Caraúbas
  out=BR_RN_Caraúbas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Carnaubais
  out=BR_RN_Carnaubais.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Carnaúba dos Dantas
  out=BR_RN_Carnaúba dos Dantas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Ceará-Mirim
  out=BR_RN_Ceará-Mirim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Cerro Corá
  out=BR_RN_Cerro Corá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Coronel Ezequiel
  out=BR_RN_Coronel Ezequiel.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Coronel João Pessoa
  out=BR_RN_Coronel João Pessoa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Cruzeta
  out=BR_RN_Cruzeta.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Currais Novos
  out=BR_RN_Currais Novos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Doutor Severiano
  out=BR_RN_Doutor Severiano.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Encanto
  out=BR_RN_Encanto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Equador
  out=BR_RN_Equador.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Extremoz
  out=BR_RN_Extremoz.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Felipe Guerra
  out=BR_RN_Felipe Guerra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Fernando Pedroza
  out=BR_RN_Fernando Pedroza.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Florânia
  out=BR_RN_Florânia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Francisco Dantas
  out=BR_RN_Francisco Dantas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Frutuoso Gomes
  out=BR_RN_Frutuoso Gomes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Galinhos
  out=BR_RN_Galinhos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Goianinha
  out=BR_RN_Goianinha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Governador Dix-Sept Rosado
  out=BR_RN_Governador Dix-Sept Rosado.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Grossos
  out=BR_RN_Grossos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Guamare
  out=BR_RN_Guamare.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Ielmo Marinho
  out=BR_RN_Ielmo Marinho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Ipanguaçu
  out=BR_RN_Ipanguaçu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Ipueira
  out=BR_RN_Ipueira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Itajá
  out=BR_RN_Itajá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Itaú
  out=BR_RN_Itaú.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Jandaíra
  out=BR_RN_Jandaíra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Janduís
  out=BR_RN_Janduís.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Januario Cicco
  out=BR_RN_Januario Cicco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Japi
  out=BR_RN_Japi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Jardim de Angicos
  out=BR_RN_Jardim de Angicos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Jardim de Piranhas
  out=BR_RN_Jardim de Piranhas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Jardim do Seridó
  out=BR_RN_Jardim do Seridó.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Jaçanã
  out=BR_RN_Jaçanã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/José da Penha
  out=BR_RN_José da Penha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/João Câmara
  out=BR_RN_João Câmara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/João Dias
  out=BR_RN_João Dias.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Jucurutu
  out=BR_RN_Jucurutu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Jundiá
  out=BR_RN_Jundiá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Lagoa Nova
  out=BR_RN_Lagoa Nova.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Lagoa Salgada
  out=BR_RN_Lagoa Salgada.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Lagoa d'Anta
  out=BR_RN_Lagoa d'Anta.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Lagoa de Pedras
  out=BR_RN_Lagoa de Pedras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Lagoa de Velhos
  out=BR_RN_Lagoa de Velhos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Lajes
  out=BR_RN_Lajes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Lajes Pintadas
  out=BR_RN_Lajes Pintadas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Lucrecia
  out=BR_RN_Lucrecia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Luís Gomes
  out=BR_RN_Luís Gomes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Macau
  out=BR_RN_Macau.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Macaíba
  out=BR_RN_Macaíba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Major Sales
  out=BR_RN_Major Sales.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Marcelino Vieira
  out=BR_RN_Marcelino Vieira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Martins
  out=BR_RN_Martins.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Maxaranguape
  out=BR_RN_Maxaranguape.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Messias Targino
  out=BR_RN_Messias Targino.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Montanhas
  out=BR_RN_Montanhas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Monte Alegre
  out=BR_RN_Monte Alegre.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Monte das Gameleiras
  out=BR_RN_Monte das Gameleiras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Mossoró
  out=BR_RN_Mossoró.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Natal
  out=BR_RN_Natal.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Nova Cruz
  out=BR_RN_Nova Cruz.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Nísia Floresta
  out=BR_RN_Nísia Floresta.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Olho d'Água do Borges
  out=BR_RN_Olho d'Água do Borges.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Ouro Branco
  out=BR_RN_Ouro Branco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Paraná
  out=BR_RN_Paraná.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Parazinho
  out=BR_RN_Parazinho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Parelhas
  out=BR_RN_Parelhas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Parnamirim
  out=BR_RN_Parnamirim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Passa e Fica
  out=BR_RN_Passa e Fica.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Passagem
  out=BR_RN_Passagem.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Patu
  out=BR_RN_Patu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Pau dos Ferros
  out=BR_RN_Pau dos Ferros.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Pedra Grande
  out=BR_RN_Pedra Grande.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Pedra Preta
  out=BR_RN_Pedra Preta.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Pedro Avelino
  out=BR_RN_Pedro Avelino.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Pedro Velho
  out=BR_RN_Pedro Velho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Pendências
  out=BR_RN_Pendências.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Pilões
  out=BR_RN_Pilões.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Portalegre
  out=BR_RN_Portalegre.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Porto do Mangue
  out=BR_RN_Porto do Mangue.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Poço Branco
  out=BR_RN_Poço Branco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Presidente Juscelino
  out=BR_RN_Presidente Juscelino.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Pureza
  out=BR_RN_Pureza.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Părău
  out=BR_RN_Părău.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Rafael Fernandes
  out=BR_RN_Rafael Fernandes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Rafael Godeiro
  out=BR_RN_Rafael Godeiro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Riacho da Cruz
  out=BR_RN_Riacho da Cruz.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Riacho de Santana
  out=BR_RN_Riacho de Santana.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Riachuelo
  out=BR_RN_Riachuelo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Rio do Fogo
  out=BR_RN_Rio do Fogo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Rodolfo Fernandes
  out=BR_RN_Rodolfo Fernandes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Ruy Barbosa
  out=BR_RN_Ruy Barbosa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Santa Cruz
  out=BR_RN_Santa Cruz.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Santa Maria
  out=BR_RN_Santa Maria.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Santana do Matos
  out=BR_RN_Santana do Matos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Santana do Seridó
  out=BR_RN_Santana do Seridó.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Santo António
  out=BR_RN_Santo António.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Senador Elói de Souza
  out=BR_RN_Senador Elói de Souza.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Senador Georgino Avelino
  out=BR_RN_Senador Georgino Avelino.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Serra Negra do Norte
  out=BR_RN_Serra Negra do Norte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Serra de São Bento
  out=BR_RN_Serra de São Bento.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Serra do Mel
  out=BR_RN_Serra do Mel.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Serrinha
  out=BR_RN_Serrinha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Serrinha dos Pintos
  out=BR_RN_Serrinha dos Pintos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Severiano Melo
  out=BR_RN_Severiano Melo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/São Bento do Norte
  out=BR_RN_São Bento do Norte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/São Bento do Trairi
  out=BR_RN_São Bento do Trairi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/São Fernando
  out=BR_RN_São Fernando.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/São Francisco do Oeste
  out=BR_RN_São Francisco do Oeste.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/São Gonçalo do Amarante
  out=BR_RN_São Gonçalo do Amarante.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/São José de Mipibu
  out=BR_RN_São José de Mipibu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/São José do Campestre
  out=BR_RN_São José do Campestre.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/São José do Seridó
  out=BR_RN_São José do Seridó.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/São João do Sabugi
  out=BR_RN_São João do Sabugi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/São Miguel
  out=BR_RN_São Miguel.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/São Miguel do Gostoso
  out=BR_RN_São Miguel do Gostoso.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/São Paulo do Potengi
  out=BR_RN_São Paulo do Potengi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/São Pedro
  out=BR_RN_São Pedro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/São Rafael
  out=BR_RN_São Rafael.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/São Tomé
  out=BR_RN_São Tomé.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/São Vicente
  out=BR_RN_São Vicente.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Sítio Novo
  out=BR_RN_Sítio Novo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Taboleiro Grande
  out=BR_RN_Taboleiro Grande.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Taipu
  out=BR_RN_Taipu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Tangara
  out=BR_RN_Tangara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Tenente Ananias
  out=BR_RN_Tenente Ananias.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Tenente Laurentino Cruz
  out=BR_RN_Tenente Laurentino Cruz.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Tibau
  out=BR_RN_Tibau.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Tibau do Sul
  out=BR_RN_Tibau do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Timbaúba dos Batistas
  out=BR_RN_Timbaúba dos Batistas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Touros
  out=BR_RN_Touros.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Triunfo Potiguar
  out=BR_RN_Triunfo Potiguar.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Umarizal
  out=BR_RN_Umarizal.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Upanema
  out=BR_RN_Upanema.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Venha-Ver
  out=BR_RN_Venha-Ver.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Vera Cruz
  out=BR_RN_Vera Cruz.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Vila Flor
  out=BR_RN_Vila Flor.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Viçosa
  out=BR_RN_Viçosa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Várzea
  out=BR_RN_Várzea.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RN/Água Nova
  out=BR_RN_Água Nova.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RO
  out=BR_RO.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RO/Alta Floresta d'Oeste
  out=BR_RO_Alta Floresta d'Oeste.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RO/Alto Alegre do Parecis
  out=BR_RO_Alto Alegre do Parecis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RO/Alto Paraíso
  out=BR_RO_Alto Paraíso.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RO/Alvorada d'Oeste
  out=BR_RO_Alvorada d'Oeste.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RO/Ariquemes
  out=BR_RO_Ariquemes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RO/Buritis
  out=BR_RO_Buritis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RO/Cabixi
  out=BR_RO_Cabixi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RO/Cacaulândia
  out=BR_RO_Cacaulândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RO/Cacoal
  out=BR_RO_Cacoal.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RO/Campo Novo de Rondônia
  out=BR_RO_Campo Novo de Rondônia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RO/Candeias do Jamari
  out=BR_RO_Candeias do Jamari.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RO/Castanheiras
  out=BR_RO_Castanheiras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RO/Cerejeiras
  out=BR_RO_Cerejeiras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RO/Chupinguaia
  out=BR_RO_Chupinguaia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RO/Colorado do Oeste
  out=BR_RO_Colorado do Oeste.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RO/Corumbiara
  out=BR_RO_Corumbiara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RO/Costa Marques
  out=BR_RO_Costa Marques.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RO/Cujubim
  out=BR_RO_Cujubim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RO/Espigão d'Oeste
  out=BR_RO_Espigão d'Oeste.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RO/Governador Jorge Teixeira
  out=BR_RO_Governador Jorge Teixeira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RO/Guajará-Mirim
  out=BR_RO_Guajará-Mirim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RO/Itapuã do Oeste
  out=BR_RO_Itapuã do Oeste.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RO/Jaru
  out=BR_RO_Jaru.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RO/Ji-Paraná
  out=BR_RO_Ji-Paraná.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RO/Machadinho d'Oeste
  out=BR_RO_Machadinho d'Oeste.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RO/Ministro Andreazza
  out=BR_RO_Ministro Andreazza.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RO/Mirante da Serra
  out=BR_RO_Mirante da Serra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RO/Monte Negro
  out=BR_RO_Monte Negro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RO/Nova Brasilândia d'Oeste
  out=BR_RO_Nova Brasilândia d'Oeste.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RO/Nova Mamoré
  out=BR_RO_Nova Mamoré.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RO/Nova União
  out=BR_RO_Nova União.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RO/Novo Horizonte do Oeste
  out=BR_RO_Novo Horizonte do Oeste.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RO/Ouro Preto do Oeste
  out=BR_RO_Ouro Preto do Oeste.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RO/Parecis
  out=BR_RO_Parecis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RO/Pimenta Bueno
  out=BR_RO_Pimenta Bueno.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RO/Pimenteiras do Oeste
  out=BR_RO_Pimenteiras do Oeste.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RO/Porto Velho
  out=BR_RO_Porto Velho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RO/Presidente Médici
  out=BR_RO_Presidente Médici.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RO/Primavera de Rondônia
  out=BR_RO_Primavera de Rondônia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RO/Rio Crespo
  out=BR_RO_Rio Crespo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RO/Rolim de Moura
  out=BR_RO_Rolim de Moura.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RO/Santa Luzia d'Oeste
  out=BR_RO_Santa Luzia d'Oeste.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RO/Seringueiras
  out=BR_RO_Seringueiras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RO/São Felipe d'Oeste
  out=BR_RO_São Felipe d'Oeste.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RO/São Francisco do Guaporé
  out=BR_RO_São Francisco do Guaporé.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RO/São Miguel do Guaporé
  out=BR_RO_São Miguel do Guaporé.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RO/Teixeirópolis
  out=BR_RO_Teixeirópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RO/Theobroma
  out=BR_RO_Theobroma.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RO/Urupá
  out=BR_RO_Urupá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RO/Vale do Anari
  out=BR_RO_Vale do Anari.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RO/Vale do Paraíso
  out=BR_RO_Vale do Paraíso.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RO/Vilhena
  out=BR_RO_Vilhena.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RR
  out=BR_RR.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RR/Alto Alegre
  out=BR_RR_Alto Alegre.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RR/Amajari
  out=BR_RR_Amajari.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RR/Boa Vista
  out=BR_RR_Boa Vista.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RR/Bonfim
  out=BR_RR_Bonfim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RR/Cantá
  out=BR_RR_Cantá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RR/Caracaraí
  out=BR_RR_Caracaraí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RR/Caroebe
  out=BR_RR_Caroebe.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RR/Iracema
  out=BR_RR_Iracema.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RR/Mucajaí
  out=BR_RR_Mucajaí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RR/Normandia
  out=BR_RR_Normandia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RR/Pacaraima
  out=BR_RR_Pacaraima.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RR/Rorainópolis
  out=BR_RR_Rorainópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RR/São João da Baliza
  out=BR_RR_São João da Baliza.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RR/São Luiz
  out=BR_RR_São Luiz.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RR/Uiramutã
  out=BR_RR_Uiramutã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS
  out=BR_RS.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Aceguá
  out=BR_RS_Aceguá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Agudo
  out=BR_RS_Agudo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Ajuricaba
  out=BR_RS_Ajuricaba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Alecrim
  out=BR_RS_Alecrim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Alegrete
  out=BR_RS_Alegrete.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Alegría
  out=BR_RS_Alegría.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Almirante Tamandaré do Sul
  out=BR_RS_Almirante Tamandaré do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Alpestre
  out=BR_RS_Alpestre.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Alto Alegre
  out=BR_RS_Alto Alegre.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Alto Feliz
  out=BR_RS_Alto Feliz.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Alvorada
  out=BR_RS_Alvorada.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Amaral Ferrador
  out=BR_RS_Amaral Ferrador.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Ametista do Sul
  out=BR_RS_Ametista do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/André da Rocha
  out=BR_RS_André da Rocha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Anta Gorda
  out=BR_RS_Anta Gorda.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Antônio Prado
  out=BR_RS_Antônio Prado.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Arambaré
  out=BR_RS_Arambaré.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Araricá
  out=BR_RS_Araricá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Aratiba
  out=BR_RS_Aratiba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Arroio Grande
  out=BR_RS_Arroio Grande.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Arroio do Meio
  out=BR_RS_Arroio do Meio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Arroio do Padre
  out=BR_RS_Arroio do Padre.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Arroio do Sal
  out=BR_RS_Arroio do Sal.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Arroio do Tigre
  out=BR_RS_Arroio do Tigre.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Arroio dos Ratos
  out=BR_RS_Arroio dos Ratos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Arvorezinha
  out=BR_RS_Arvorezinha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Augusto Pestana
  out=BR_RS_Augusto Pestana.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Aurea
  out=BR_RS_Aurea.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Bagé
  out=BR_RS_Bagé.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Balneário Pinhal
  out=BR_RS_Balneário Pinhal.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Barra Funda
  out=BR_RS_Barra Funda.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Barra do Guarita
  out=BR_RS_Barra do Guarita.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Barra do Quaraí
  out=BR_RS_Barra do Quaraí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Barra do Ribeiro
  out=BR_RS_Barra do Ribeiro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Barra do Rio Azul
  out=BR_RS_Barra do Rio Azul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Barracão
  out=BR_RS_Barracão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Barros Cassal
  out=BR_RS_Barros Cassal.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Barão
  out=BR_RS_Barão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Barão de Cotegipe
  out=BR_RS_Barão de Cotegipe.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Barão do Triunfo
  out=BR_RS_Barão do Triunfo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Benjamin Constant do Sul
  out=BR_RS_Benjamin Constant do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Bento Gonçalves
  out=BR_RS_Bento Gonçalves.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Boa Vista das Missões
  out=BR_RS_Boa Vista das Missões.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Boa Vista do Buricá
  out=BR_RS_Boa Vista do Buricá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Boa Vista do Cadeado
  out=BR_RS_Boa Vista do Cadeado.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Boa Vista do Incra
  out=BR_RS_Boa Vista do Incra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Boa Vista do Sul
  out=BR_RS_Boa Vista do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Bom Jesus
  out=BR_RS_Bom Jesus.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Bom Princípio
  out=BR_RS_Bom Princípio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Bom Progresso
  out=BR_RS_Bom Progresso.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Bom Retiro do Sul
  out=BR_RS_Bom Retiro do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Boqueirão do Leão
  out=BR_RS_Boqueirão do Leão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Bossoroca
  out=BR_RS_Bossoroca.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Bozano
  out=BR_RS_Bozano.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Braga
  out=BR_RS_Braga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Brochier
  out=BR_RS_Brochier.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Butia
  out=BR_RS_Butia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Cacequi
  out=BR_RS_Cacequi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Cachoeira do Sul
  out=BR_RS_Cachoeira do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Cachoeirinha
  out=BR_RS_Cachoeirinha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Cacique Doble
  out=BR_RS_Cacique Doble.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Caibaté
  out=BR_RS_Caibaté.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Caiçara
  out=BR_RS_Caiçara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Camaquã
  out=BR_RS_Camaquã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Camargo
  out=BR_RS_Camargo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Cambará do Sul
  out=BR_RS_Cambará do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Campestre da Serra
  out=BR_RS_Campestre da Serra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Campina das Missões
  out=BR_RS_Campina das Missões.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Campinas do Sul
  out=BR_RS_Campinas do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Campo Bom
  out=BR_RS_Campo Bom.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Campo Novo
  out=BR_RS_Campo Novo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Campos Borges
  out=BR_RS_Campos Borges.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Candelária
  out=BR_RS_Candelária.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Candiota
  out=BR_RS_Candiota.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Canela
  out=BR_RS_Canela.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Canguçu
  out=BR_RS_Canguçu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Canoas
  out=BR_RS_Canoas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Canudos do Vale
  out=BR_RS_Canudos do Vale.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Capela de Santana
  out=BR_RS_Capela de Santana.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Capitao
  out=BR_RS_Capitao.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Capivari do Sul
  out=BR_RS_Capivari do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Capão Bonito do Sul
  out=BR_RS_Capão Bonito do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Capão da Canoa
  out=BR_RS_Capão da Canoa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Capão do Cipó
  out=BR_RS_Capão do Cipó.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Capão do Leão
  out=BR_RS_Capão do Leão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Carazinho
  out=BR_RS_Carazinho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Caraá
  out=BR_RS_Caraá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Carlos Barbosa
  out=BR_RS_Carlos Barbosa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Carlos Gomes
  out=BR_RS_Carlos Gomes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Casca
  out=BR_RS_Casca.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Caseiros
  out=BR_RS_Caseiros.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Catuípe
  out=BR_RS_Catuípe.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Caxias do Sul
  out=BR_RS_Caxias do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Caçapava do Sul
  out=BR_RS_Caçapava do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Centenário
  out=BR_RS_Centenário.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Cerrito
  out=BR_RS_Cerrito.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Cerro Branco
  out=BR_RS_Cerro Branco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Cerro Grande
  out=BR_RS_Cerro Grande.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Cerro Grande do Sul
  out=BR_RS_Cerro Grande do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Cerro Largo
  out=BR_RS_Cerro Largo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Chapada
  out=BR_RS_Chapada.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Charqueadas
  out=BR_RS_Charqueadas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Charrua
  out=BR_RS_Charrua.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Chiapeta
  out=BR_RS_Chiapeta.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Chui
  out=BR_RS_Chui.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Chuvisca
  out=BR_RS_Chuvisca.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Cidreira
  out=BR_RS_Cidreira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Ciríaco
  out=BR_RS_Ciríaco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Colinas
  out=BR_RS_Colinas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Colorado
  out=BR_RS_Colorado.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Condor
  out=BR_RS_Condor.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Constantina
  out=BR_RS_Constantina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Coqueiro Baixo
  out=BR_RS_Coqueiro Baixo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Coqueiros do Sul
  out=BR_RS_Coqueiros do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Coronel Barros
  out=BR_RS_Coronel Barros.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Coronel Bicaco
  out=BR_RS_Coronel Bicaco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Coronel Pilar
  out=BR_RS_Coronel Pilar.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Cotiporã
  out=BR_RS_Cotiporã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Coxilha
  out=BR_RS_Coxilha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Crissiumal
  out=BR_RS_Crissiumal.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Cristal
  out=BR_RS_Cristal.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Cristal do Sul
  out=BR_RS_Cristal do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Cruz Alta
  out=BR_RS_Cruz Alta.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Cruzaltense
  out=BR_RS_Cruzaltense.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Cruzeiro do Sul
  out=BR_RS_Cruzeiro do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Cândido Godói
  out=BR_RS_Cândido Godói.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/David Canabarro
  out=BR_RS_David Canabarro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Derrubadas
  out=BR_RS_Derrubadas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Dezesseis de Novembro
  out=BR_RS_Dezesseis de Novembro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Dilermando de Aguiar
  out=BR_RS_Dilermando de Aguiar.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Dois Irmãos
  out=BR_RS_Dois Irmãos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Dois Irmãos das Missões
  out=BR_RS_Dois Irmãos das Missões.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Dois Lajeados
  out=BR_RS_Dois Lajeados.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Dom Feliciano
  out=BR_RS_Dom Feliciano.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Dom Pedrito
  out=BR_RS_Dom Pedrito.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Dom Pedro de Alcântara
  out=BR_RS_Dom Pedro de Alcântara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Dona Francisca
  out=BR_RS_Dona Francisca.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Doutor Maurício Cardoso
  out=BR_RS_Doutor Maurício Cardoso.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Doutor Ricardo
  out=BR_RS_Doutor Ricardo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Eldorado do Sul
  out=BR_RS_Eldorado do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Encantado
  out=BR_RS_Encantado.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Encruzilhada do Sul
  out=BR_RS_Encruzilhada do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Engenho Velho
  out=BR_RS_Engenho Velho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Entre Rios do Sul
  out=BR_RS_Entre Rios do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Entre-Ijuís
  out=BR_RS_Entre-Ijuís.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Erebango
  out=BR_RS_Erebango.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Erechim
  out=BR_RS_Erechim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Ernestina
  out=BR_RS_Ernestina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Erval Grande
  out=BR_RS_Erval Grande.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Erval Seco
  out=BR_RS_Erval Seco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Esmeralda
  out=BR_RS_Esmeralda.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Esperança do Sul
  out=BR_RS_Esperança do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Espumoso
  out=BR_RS_Espumoso.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Estação
  out=BR_RS_Estação.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Esteio
  out=BR_RS_Esteio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Estrela
  out=BR_RS_Estrela.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Estrela Velha
  out=BR_RS_Estrela Velha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Estância Velha
  out=BR_RS_Estância Velha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Eugênio de Castro
  out=BR_RS_Eugênio de Castro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Fagundes Varela
  out=BR_RS_Fagundes Varela.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Farroupilha
  out=BR_RS_Farroupilha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Faxinal do Soturno
  out=BR_RS_Faxinal do Soturno.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Faxinalzinho
  out=BR_RS_Faxinalzinho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Fazenda Vilanova
  out=BR_RS_Fazenda Vilanova.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Feliz
  out=BR_RS_Feliz.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Flores da Cunha
  out=BR_RS_Flores da Cunha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Floriano Peixoto
  out=BR_RS_Floriano Peixoto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Fontoura Xavier
  out=BR_RS_Fontoura Xavier.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Formigueiro
  out=BR_RS_Formigueiro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Forquetinha
  out=BR_RS_Forquetinha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Fortaleza dos Valos
  out=BR_RS_Fortaleza dos Valos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Frederico Westphalen
  out=BR_RS_Frederico Westphalen.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Garibaldi
  out=BR_RS_Garibaldi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Garruchos
  out=BR_RS_Garruchos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Gaurama
  out=BR_RS_Gaurama.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/General Câmara
  out=BR_RS_General Câmara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Gentil
  out=BR_RS_Gentil.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Getúlio Vargas
  out=BR_RS_Getúlio Vargas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Giruá
  out=BR_RS_Giruá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Glorinha
  out=BR_RS_Glorinha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Gramado
  out=BR_RS_Gramado.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Gramado Xavier
  out=BR_RS_Gramado Xavier.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Gramado dos Loureiros
  out=BR_RS_Gramado dos Loureiros.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Gravataí
  out=BR_RS_Gravataí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Guabiju
  out=BR_RS_Guabiju.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Guaporé
  out=BR_RS_Guaporé.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Guarani das Missões
  out=BR_RS_Guarani das Missões.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Guaíba
  out=BR_RS_Guaíba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Harmonia
  out=BR_RS_Harmonia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Herval
  out=BR_RS_Herval.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Herveiras
  out=BR_RS_Herveiras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Horizontina
  out=BR_RS_Horizontina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Hulha Negra
  out=BR_RS_Hulha Negra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Humaitá
  out=BR_RS_Humaitá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Ibarama
  out=BR_RS_Ibarama.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Ibiaçá
  out=BR_RS_Ibiaçá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Ibiraiaras
  out=BR_RS_Ibiraiaras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Ibirapuitã
  out=BR_RS_Ibirapuitã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Ibirubá
  out=BR_RS_Ibirubá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Igrejinha
  out=BR_RS_Igrejinha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Ijuí
  out=BR_RS_Ijuí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Ilópolis
  out=BR_RS_Ilópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Imbé
  out=BR_RS_Imbé.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Imigrante
  out=BR_RS_Imigrante.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Independencia
  out=BR_RS_Independencia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Inhacorá
  out=BR_RS_Inhacorá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Ipiranga do Sul
  out=BR_RS_Ipiranga do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Ipê
  out=BR_RS_Ipê.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Irai
  out=BR_RS_Irai.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Itaara
  out=BR_RS_Itaara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Itacurubi
  out=BR_RS_Itacurubi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Itapuca
  out=BR_RS_Itapuca.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Itaqui
  out=BR_RS_Itaqui.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Itatiba do Sul
  out=BR_RS_Itatiba do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Itatí
  out=BR_RS_Itatí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Ivorá
  out=BR_RS_Ivorá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Ivoti
  out=BR_RS_Ivoti.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Jaboticaba
  out=BR_RS_Jaboticaba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Jacuizinho
  out=BR_RS_Jacuizinho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Jacutinga
  out=BR_RS_Jacutinga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Jaguari
  out=BR_RS_Jaguari.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Jaguarão
  out=BR_RS_Jaguarão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Jaquirana
  out=BR_RS_Jaquirana.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Jari
  out=BR_RS_Jari.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Jóia
  out=BR_RS_Jóia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Júlio de Castilhos
  out=BR_RS_Júlio de Castilhos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Lagoa Bonita do Sul
  out=BR_RS_Lagoa Bonita do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Lagoa Vermelha
  out=BR_RS_Lagoa Vermelha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Lagoa dos Três Cantos
  out=BR_RS_Lagoa dos Três Cantos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Lagoão
  out=BR_RS_Lagoão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Lajeado
  out=BR_RS_Lajeado.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Lajeado do Bugre
  out=BR_RS_Lajeado do Bugre.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Lavras do Sul
  out=BR_RS_Lavras do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Liberato Salzano
  out=BR_RS_Liberato Salzano.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Lindolfo Collor
  out=BR_RS_Lindolfo Collor.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Linha Nova
  out=BR_RS_Linha Nova.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Machadinho
  out=BR_RS_Machadinho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Mampituba
  out=BR_RS_Mampituba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Manoel Viana
  out=BR_RS_Manoel Viana.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Maquiné
  out=BR_RS_Maquiné.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Maratá
  out=BR_RS_Maratá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Marau
  out=BR_RS_Marau.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Marcelino Ramos
  out=BR_RS_Marcelino Ramos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Mariana Pimentel
  out=BR_RS_Mariana Pimentel.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Mariano Moro
  out=BR_RS_Mariano Moro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Marques de Souza
  out=BR_RS_Marques de Souza.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Mata
  out=BR_RS_Mata.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Mato Castelhano
  out=BR_RS_Mato Castelhano.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Mato Leitão
  out=BR_RS_Mato Leitão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Mato Queimado
  out=BR_RS_Mato Queimado.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Maximiliano de Almeida
  out=BR_RS_Maximiliano de Almeida.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Maçambara
  out=BR_RS_Maçambara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Minas do Leão
  out=BR_RS_Minas do Leão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Miraguaí
  out=BR_RS_Miraguaí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Montauri
  out=BR_RS_Montauri.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Monte Alegre dos Campos
  out=BR_RS_Monte Alegre dos Campos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Monte Belo do Sul
  out=BR_RS_Monte Belo do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Montenegro
  out=BR_RS_Montenegro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Mormaço
  out=BR_RS_Mormaço.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Morrinhos do Sul
  out=BR_RS_Morrinhos do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Morro Redondo
  out=BR_RS_Morro Redondo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Morro Reuter
  out=BR_RS_Morro Reuter.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Mostardas
  out=BR_RS_Mostardas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Muitos Capões
  out=BR_RS_Muitos Capões.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Muliterno
  out=BR_RS_Muliterno.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Muçum
  out=BR_RS_Muçum.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Nicolau Vergueiro
  out=BR_RS_Nicolau Vergueiro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Nonoai
  out=BR_RS_Nonoai.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Nova Alvorada
  out=BR_RS_Nova Alvorada.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Nova Araçá
  out=BR_RS_Nova Araçá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Nova Bassano
  out=BR_RS_Nova Bassano.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Nova Boa Vista
  out=BR_RS_Nova Boa Vista.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Nova Bréscia
  out=BR_RS_Nova Bréscia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Nova Candelária
  out=BR_RS_Nova Candelária.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Nova Esperança do Sul
  out=BR_RS_Nova Esperança do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Nova Hartz
  out=BR_RS_Nova Hartz.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Nova Palma
  out=BR_RS_Nova Palma.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Nova Petrópolis
  out=BR_RS_Nova Petrópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Nova Prata
  out=BR_RS_Nova Prata.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Nova Pádua
  out=BR_RS_Nova Pádua.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Nova Ramada
  out=BR_RS_Nova Ramada.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Nova Roma do Sul
  out=BR_RS_Nova Roma do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Nova Santa Rita
  out=BR_RS_Nova Santa Rita.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Novo Barreiro
  out=BR_RS_Novo Barreiro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Novo Cabrais
  out=BR_RS_Novo Cabrais.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Novo Hamburgo
  out=BR_RS_Novo Hamburgo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Novo Machado
  out=BR_RS_Novo Machado.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Novo Tiradentes
  out=BR_RS_Novo Tiradentes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Novo Xingu
  out=BR_RS_Novo Xingu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Não-Me-Toque
  out=BR_RS_Não-Me-Toque.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Osório
  out=BR_RS_Osório.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Paim Filho
  out=BR_RS_Paim Filho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Palmares do Sul
  out=BR_RS_Palmares do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Palmeira das Missões
  out=BR_RS_Palmeira das Missões.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Palmitinho
  out=BR_RS_Palmitinho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Panambi
  out=BR_RS_Panambi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Pantano Grande
  out=BR_RS_Pantano Grande.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Paraí
  out=BR_RS_Paraí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Paraíso do Sul
  out=BR_RS_Paraíso do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Pareci Novo
  out=BR_RS_Pareci Novo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Parobé
  out=BR_RS_Parobé.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Passa Sete
  out=BR_RS_Passa Sete.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Passo Fundo
  out=BR_RS_Passo Fundo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Passo do Sobrado
  out=BR_RS_Passo do Sobrado.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Paulo Bento
  out=BR_RS_Paulo Bento.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Paverama
  out=BR_RS_Paverama.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Pedras Altas
  out=BR_RS_Pedras Altas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Pedro Osório
  out=BR_RS_Pedro Osório.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Pejuçara
  out=BR_RS_Pejuçara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Pelotas
  out=BR_RS_Pelotas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Picada Café
  out=BR_RS_Picada Café.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Pinhal
  out=BR_RS_Pinhal.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Pinhal Grande
  out=BR_RS_Pinhal Grande.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Pinhal da Serra
  out=BR_RS_Pinhal da Serra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Pinheirinho do Vale
  out=BR_RS_Pinheirinho do Vale.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Pinheiro Machado
  out=BR_RS_Pinheiro Machado.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Pinto Bandeira
  out=BR_RS_Pinto Bandeira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Pirapó
  out=BR_RS_Pirapó.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Piratini
  out=BR_RS_Piratini.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Planalto
  out=BR_RS_Planalto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Ponte Preta
  out=BR_RS_Ponte Preta.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Pontão
  out=BR_RS_Pontão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Porto Alegre
  out=BR_RS_Porto Alegre.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Porto Lucena
  out=BR_RS_Porto Lucena.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Porto Mauá
  out=BR_RS_Porto Mauá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Porto Vera Cruz
  out=BR_RS_Porto Vera Cruz.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Porto Xavier
  out=BR_RS_Porto Xavier.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Portão
  out=BR_RS_Portão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Pouso Novo
  out=BR_RS_Pouso Novo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Poço das Antas
  out=BR_RS_Poço das Antas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Presidente Lucena
  out=BR_RS_Presidente Lucena.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Progresso
  out=BR_RS_Progresso.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Protásio Alves
  out=BR_RS_Protásio Alves.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Putinga
  out=BR_RS_Putinga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Quaraí
  out=BR_RS_Quaraí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Quatro Irmãos
  out=BR_RS_Quatro Irmãos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Quevedos
  out=BR_RS_Quevedos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Quinze de Novembro
  out=BR_RS_Quinze de Novembro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Redentora
  out=BR_RS_Redentora.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Relvado
  out=BR_RS_Relvado.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Restinga Seca
  out=BR_RS_Restinga Seca.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Rio Grande
  out=BR_RS_Rio Grande.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Rio Pardo
  out=BR_RS_Rio Pardo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Rio dos Índios
  out=BR_RS_Rio dos Índios.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Riozinho
  out=BR_RS_Riozinho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Roca Sales
  out=BR_RS_Roca Sales.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Rodeio Bonito
  out=BR_RS_Rodeio Bonito.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Rolador
  out=BR_RS_Rolador.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Rolante
  out=BR_RS_Rolante.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Ronda Alta
  out=BR_RS_Ronda Alta.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Rondinha
  out=BR_RS_Rondinha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Roque Gonzales
  out=BR_RS_Roque Gonzales.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Rosário do Sul
  out=BR_RS_Rosário do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Sagrada Familia
  out=BR_RS_Sagrada Familia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Saldanha Marinho
  out=BR_RS_Saldanha Marinho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Salto do Jacuí
  out=BR_RS_Salto do Jacuí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Salvador das Missões
  out=BR_RS_Salvador das Missões.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Salvador do Sul
  out=BR_RS_Salvador do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Sananduva
  out=BR_RS_Sananduva.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Santa Bárbara do Sul
  out=BR_RS_Santa Bárbara do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Santa Cecília do Sul
  out=BR_RS_Santa Cecília do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Santa Clara do Sul
  out=BR_RS_Santa Clara do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Santa Cruz do Sul
  out=BR_RS_Santa Cruz do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Santa Margarida do Sul
  out=BR_RS_Santa Margarida do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Santa Maria
  out=BR_RS_Santa Maria.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Santa Maria do Herval
  out=BR_RS_Santa Maria do Herval.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Santa Rosa
  out=BR_RS_Santa Rosa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Santa Tereza
  out=BR_RS_Santa Tereza.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Santa Vitória do Palmar
  out=BR_RS_Santa Vitória do Palmar.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Santana da Boa Vista
  out=BR_RS_Santana da Boa Vista.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Santana do Livramento
  out=BR_RS_Santana do Livramento.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Santiago
  out=BR_RS_Santiago.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Santo Antônio da Patrulha
  out=BR_RS_Santo Antônio da Patrulha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Santo Antônio das Missões
  out=BR_RS_Santo Antônio das Missões.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Santo Antônio do Palma
  out=BR_RS_Santo Antônio do Palma.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Santo Antônio do Planalto
  out=BR_RS_Santo Antônio do Planalto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Santo Augusto
  out=BR_RS_Santo Augusto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Santo Cristo
  out=BR_RS_Santo Cristo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Santo Expedito do Sul
  out=BR_RS_Santo Expedito do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Santo Ângelo
  out=BR_RS_Santo Ângelo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Sapiranga
  out=BR_RS_Sapiranga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Sapucaia do Sul
  out=BR_RS_Sapucaia do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Sarandí
  out=BR_RS_Sarandí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Seberi
  out=BR_RS_Seberi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Sede Nova
  out=BR_RS_Sede Nova.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Segredo
  out=BR_RS_Segredo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Selbach
  out=BR_RS_Selbach.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Senador Salgado Filho
  out=BR_RS_Senador Salgado Filho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Sentinela do Sul
  out=BR_RS_Sentinela do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Serafina Corrêa
  out=BR_RS_Serafina Corrêa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Sertão
  out=BR_RS_Sertão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Sertão Santana
  out=BR_RS_Sertão Santana.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Sete de Setembro
  out=BR_RS_Sete de Setembro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Severiano de Almeida
  out=BR_RS_Severiano de Almeida.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Silveira Martins
  out=BR_RS_Silveira Martins.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Sinimbu
  out=BR_RS_Sinimbu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Sobradinho
  out=BR_RS_Sobradinho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Soledade
  out=BR_RS_Soledade.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/São Borja
  out=BR_RS_São Borja.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/São Domingos do Sul
  out=BR_RS_São Domingos do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/São Francisco de Assis
  out=BR_RS_São Francisco de Assis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/São Francisco de Paula
  out=BR_RS_São Francisco de Paula.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/São Gabriel
  out=BR_RS_São Gabriel.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/São Jerônimo
  out=BR_RS_São Jerônimo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/São Jorge
  out=BR_RS_São Jorge.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/São José das Missões
  out=BR_RS_São José das Missões.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/São José do Herval
  out=BR_RS_São José do Herval.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/São José do Hortêncio
  out=BR_RS_São José do Hortêncio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/São José do Inhacorá
  out=BR_RS_São José do Inhacorá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/São José do Norte
  out=BR_RS_São José do Norte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/São José do Ouro
  out=BR_RS_São José do Ouro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/São José do Sul
  out=BR_RS_São José do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/São José dos Ausentes
  out=BR_RS_São José dos Ausentes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/São João da Urtiga
  out=BR_RS_São João da Urtiga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/São João do Polêsine
  out=BR_RS_São João do Polêsine.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/São Leopoldo
  out=BR_RS_São Leopoldo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/São Lourenço do Sul
  out=BR_RS_São Lourenço do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/São Luiz Gonzaga
  out=BR_RS_São Luiz Gonzaga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/São Marcos
  out=BR_RS_São Marcos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/São Martinho
  out=BR_RS_São Martinho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/São Martinho da Serra
  out=BR_RS_São Martinho da Serra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/São Miguel das Missões
  out=BR_RS_São Miguel das Missões.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/São Nicolau
  out=BR_RS_São Nicolau.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/São Paulo das Missões
  out=BR_RS_São Paulo das Missões.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/São Pedro da Serra
  out=BR_RS_São Pedro da Serra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/São Pedro das Missões
  out=BR_RS_São Pedro das Missões.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/São Pedro do Butiá
  out=BR_RS_São Pedro do Butiá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/São Pedro do Sul
  out=BR_RS_São Pedro do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/São Sebastião do Caí
  out=BR_RS_São Sebastião do Caí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/São Sepé
  out=BR_RS_São Sepé.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/São Valentim
  out=BR_RS_São Valentim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/São Valentim do Sul
  out=BR_RS_São Valentim do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/São Valério do Sul
  out=BR_RS_São Valério do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/São Vendelino
  out=BR_RS_São Vendelino.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/São Vicente do Sul
  out=BR_RS_São Vicente do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Sério
  out=BR_RS_Sério.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Tabaí
  out=BR_RS_Tabaí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Tapejara
  out=BR_RS_Tapejara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Tapera
  out=BR_RS_Tapera.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Tapes
  out=BR_RS_Tapes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Taquara
  out=BR_RS_Taquara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Taquari
  out=BR_RS_Taquari.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Taquaruçu do Sul
  out=BR_RS_Taquaruçu do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Tavares
  out=BR_RS_Tavares.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Tenente Portela
  out=BR_RS_Tenente Portela.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Terra de Areia
  out=BR_RS_Terra de Areia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Teutônia
  out=BR_RS_Teutônia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Tio Hugo
  out=BR_RS_Tio Hugo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Tiradentes do Sul
  out=BR_RS_Tiradentes do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Toropi
  out=BR_RS_Toropi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Torres
  out=BR_RS_Torres.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Tramandaí
  out=BR_RS_Tramandaí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Travesseiro
  out=BR_RS_Travesseiro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Trindade do Sul
  out=BR_RS_Trindade do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Triunfo
  out=BR_RS_Triunfo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Três Arroios
  out=BR_RS_Três Arroios.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Três Cachoeiras
  out=BR_RS_Três Cachoeiras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Três Coroas
  out=BR_RS_Três Coroas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Três Forquilhas
  out=BR_RS_Três Forquilhas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Três Palmeiras
  out=BR_RS_Três Palmeiras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Três Passos
  out=BR_RS_Três Passos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Três de Maio
  out=BR_RS_Três de Maio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Tucunduva
  out=BR_RS_Tucunduva.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Tunas
  out=BR_RS_Tunas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Tupanci do Sul
  out=BR_RS_Tupanci do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Tupanciretã
  out=BR_RS_Tupanciretã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Tupandi
  out=BR_RS_Tupandi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Tuparendi
  out=BR_RS_Tuparendi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Turuçu
  out=BR_RS_Turuçu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Ubiretama
  out=BR_RS_Ubiretama.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Unistalda
  out=BR_RS_Unistalda.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/União da Serra
  out=BR_RS_União da Serra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Uruguaiana
  out=BR_RS_Uruguaiana.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Vacaria
  out=BR_RS_Vacaria.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Vale Real
  out=BR_RS_Vale Real.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Vale Verde
  out=BR_RS_Vale Verde.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Vale do Sol
  out=BR_RS_Vale do Sol.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Vanini
  out=BR_RS_Vanini.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Venâncio Aires
  out=BR_RS_Venâncio Aires.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Vera Cruz
  out=BR_RS_Vera Cruz.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Veranópolis
  out=BR_RS_Veranópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Vespasiano Correa
  out=BR_RS_Vespasiano Correa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Viadutos
  out=BR_RS_Viadutos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Viamão
  out=BR_RS_Viamão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Vicente Dutra
  out=BR_RS_Vicente Dutra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Victor Graeff
  out=BR_RS_Victor Graeff.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Vila Flores
  out=BR_RS_Vila Flores.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Vila Lângaro
  out=BR_RS_Vila Lângaro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Vila Maria
  out=BR_RS_Vila Maria.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Vila Nova do Sul
  out=BR_RS_Vila Nova do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Vista Alegre
  out=BR_RS_Vista Alegre.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Vista Alegre do Prata
  out=BR_RS_Vista Alegre do Prata.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Vista Gaúcha
  out=BR_RS_Vista Gaúcha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Vitória das Missões
  out=BR_RS_Vitória das Missões.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Westfalia
  out=BR_RS_Westfalia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Xangri-lá
  out=BR_RS_Xangri-lá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/RS/Água Santa
  out=BR_RS_Água Santa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC
  out=BR_SC.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Abdon Batista
  out=BR_SC_Abdon Batista.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Abelardo Luz
  out=BR_SC_Abelardo Luz.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Agrolândia
  out=BR_SC_Agrolândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Agronômica
  out=BR_SC_Agronômica.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Alfredo Wagner
  out=BR_SC_Alfredo Wagner.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Alto Bela Vista
  out=BR_SC_Alto Bela Vista.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Anchieta
  out=BR_SC_Anchieta.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Angelina
  out=BR_SC_Angelina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Anita Garibaldi
  out=BR_SC_Anita Garibaldi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Anitápolis
  out=BR_SC_Anitápolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Antônio Carlos
  out=BR_SC_Antônio Carlos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Apiúna
  out=BR_SC_Apiúna.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Arabutã
  out=BR_SC_Arabutã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Araquari
  out=BR_SC_Araquari.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Araranguá
  out=BR_SC_Araranguá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Armazém
  out=BR_SC_Armazém.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Arroio Trinta
  out=BR_SC_Arroio Trinta.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Arvoredo
  out=BR_SC_Arvoredo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Ascurra
  out=BR_SC_Ascurra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Atalanta
  out=BR_SC_Atalanta.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Aurora
  out=BR_SC_Aurora.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Balneário Arroio do Silva
  out=BR_SC_Balneário Arroio do Silva.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Balneário Barra do Sul
  out=BR_SC_Balneário Barra do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Balneário Camboriú
  out=BR_SC_Balneário Camboriú.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Balneário Gaivota
  out=BR_SC_Balneário Gaivota.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Balneário Rincão
  out=BR_SC_Balneário Rincão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Bandeirante
  out=BR_SC_Bandeirante.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Barra Bonita
  out=BR_SC_Barra Bonita.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Barra Velha
  out=BR_SC_Barra Velha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Bela Vista do Toldo
  out=BR_SC_Bela Vista do Toldo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Belmonte
  out=BR_SC_Belmonte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Benedito Novo
  out=BR_SC_Benedito Novo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Biguaçu
  out=BR_SC_Biguaçu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Blumenau
  out=BR_SC_Blumenau.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Bocaina do Sul
  out=BR_SC_Bocaina do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Bom Jardim da Serra
  out=BR_SC_Bom Jardim da Serra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Bom Jesus
  out=BR_SC_Bom Jesus.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Bom Jesus do Oeste
  out=BR_SC_Bom Jesus do Oeste.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Bom Retiro
  out=BR_SC_Bom Retiro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Bombinhas
  out=BR_SC_Bombinhas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Botuverá
  out=BR_SC_Botuverá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Braço do Norte
  out=BR_SC_Braço do Norte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Braço do Trombudo
  out=BR_SC_Braço do Trombudo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Brunópolis
  out=BR_SC_Brunópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Brusque
  out=BR_SC_Brusque.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Caibi
  out=BR_SC_Caibi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Calmon
  out=BR_SC_Calmon.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Camboriú
  out=BR_SC_Camboriú.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Campo Alegre
  out=BR_SC_Campo Alegre.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Campo Belo do Sul
  out=BR_SC_Campo Belo do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Campo Erê
  out=BR_SC_Campo Erê.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Campos Novos
  out=BR_SC_Campos Novos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Canelinha
  out=BR_SC_Canelinha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Canoinhas
  out=BR_SC_Canoinhas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Capinzal
  out=BR_SC_Capinzal.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Capivari de Baixo
  out=BR_SC_Capivari de Baixo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Capão Alto
  out=BR_SC_Capão Alto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Catanduvas
  out=BR_SC_Catanduvas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Caxambu do Sul
  out=BR_SC_Caxambu do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Caçador
  out=BR_SC_Caçador.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Celso Ramos
  out=BR_SC_Celso Ramos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Cerro Negro
  out=BR_SC_Cerro Negro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Chapadão do Lageado
  out=BR_SC_Chapadão do Lageado.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Chapecó
  out=BR_SC_Chapecó.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Cocal do Sul
  out=BR_SC_Cocal do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Concórdia
  out=BR_SC_Concórdia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Cordilheira Alta
  out=BR_SC_Cordilheira Alta.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Coronel Freitas
  out=BR_SC_Coronel Freitas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Coronel Martins
  out=BR_SC_Coronel Martins.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Correia Pinto
  out=BR_SC_Correia Pinto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Corupá
  out=BR_SC_Corupá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Criciúma
  out=BR_SC_Criciúma.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Cunha Porã
  out=BR_SC_Cunha Porã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Cunhataí
  out=BR_SC_Cunhataí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Curitibanos
  out=BR_SC_Curitibanos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Descanso
  out=BR_SC_Descanso.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Dionísio Cerqueira
  out=BR_SC_Dionísio Cerqueira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Dona Emma
  out=BR_SC_Dona Emma.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Doutor Pedrinho
  out=BR_SC_Doutor Pedrinho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Entre Rios
  out=BR_SC_Entre Rios.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Ermo
  out=BR_SC_Ermo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Erval Velho
  out=BR_SC_Erval Velho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Faxinal dos Guedes
  out=BR_SC_Faxinal dos Guedes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Flor do Sertão
  out=BR_SC_Flor do Sertão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Florianópolis
  out=BR_SC_Florianópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Formosa do Sul
  out=BR_SC_Formosa do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Forquilhinha
  out=BR_SC_Forquilhinha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Fraiburgo
  out=BR_SC_Fraiburgo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Frei Rogério
  out=BR_SC_Frei Rogério.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Galvão
  out=BR_SC_Galvão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Garopaba
  out=BR_SC_Garopaba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Garuva
  out=BR_SC_Garuva.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Gaspar
  out=BR_SC_Gaspar.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Governador Celso Ramos
  out=BR_SC_Governador Celso Ramos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Gravatal
  out=BR_SC_Gravatal.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Grão Pará
  out=BR_SC_Grão Pará.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Guabiruba
  out=BR_SC_Guabiruba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Guaraciaba
  out=BR_SC_Guaraciaba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Guaramirim
  out=BR_SC_Guaramirim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Guarujá do Sul
  out=BR_SC_Guarujá do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Guatambú
  out=BR_SC_Guatambú.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Herval d'Oeste
  out=BR_SC_Herval d'Oeste.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Ibiam
  out=BR_SC_Ibiam.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Ibicaré
  out=BR_SC_Ibicaré.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Ibirama
  out=BR_SC_Ibirama.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Ilhota
  out=BR_SC_Ilhota.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Imaruí
  out=BR_SC_Imaruí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Imbituba
  out=BR_SC_Imbituba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Imbuia
  out=BR_SC_Imbuia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Indaial
  out=BR_SC_Indaial.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Iomerê
  out=BR_SC_Iomerê.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Ipirá
  out=BR_SC_Ipirá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Iporã do Oeste
  out=BR_SC_Iporã do Oeste.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Ipuaçu
  out=BR_SC_Ipuaçu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Ipumirim
  out=BR_SC_Ipumirim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Iraceminha
  out=BR_SC_Iraceminha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Irani
  out=BR_SC_Irani.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Irati
  out=BR_SC_Irati.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Irineópolis
  out=BR_SC_Irineópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Itaiópolis
  out=BR_SC_Itaiópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Itajaí
  out=BR_SC_Itajaí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Itapema
  out=BR_SC_Itapema.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Itapiranga
  out=BR_SC_Itapiranga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Itapoá
  out=BR_SC_Itapoá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Ituporanga
  out=BR_SC_Ituporanga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Itá
  out=BR_SC_Itá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Içara
  out=BR_SC_Içara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Jaborá
  out=BR_SC_Jaborá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Jacinto Machado
  out=BR_SC_Jacinto Machado.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Jaguaruna
  out=BR_SC_Jaguaruna.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Jaraguá do Sul
  out=BR_SC_Jaraguá do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Jardinópolis
  out=BR_SC_Jardinópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Joaçaba
  out=BR_SC_Joaçaba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Joinville
  out=BR_SC_Joinville.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/José Boiteux
  out=BR_SC_José Boiteux.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Jupiá
  out=BR_SC_Jupiá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Lacerdópolis
  out=BR_SC_Lacerdópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Lages
  out=BR_SC_Lages.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Laguna
  out=BR_SC_Laguna.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Lajeado Grande
  out=BR_SC_Lajeado Grande.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Laurentino
  out=BR_SC_Laurentino.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Lauro Muller
  out=BR_SC_Lauro Muller.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Lebon Régis
  out=BR_SC_Lebon Régis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Leoberto Leal
  out=BR_SC_Leoberto Leal.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Lindóia do Sul
  out=BR_SC_Lindóia do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Lontras
  out=BR_SC_Lontras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Luiz Alves
  out=BR_SC_Luiz Alves.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Luzerna
  out=BR_SC_Luzerna.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Macieira
  out=BR_SC_Macieira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Mafra
  out=BR_SC_Mafra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Major Gercino
  out=BR_SC_Major Gercino.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Major Vieira
  out=BR_SC_Major Vieira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Maracajá
  out=BR_SC_Maracajá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Maravilha
  out=BR_SC_Maravilha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Marema
  out=BR_SC_Marema.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Massaranduba
  out=BR_SC_Massaranduba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Matos Costa
  out=BR_SC_Matos Costa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Meleiro
  out=BR_SC_Meleiro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Mirim Doce
  out=BR_SC_Mirim Doce.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Modelo
  out=BR_SC_Modelo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Mondaí
  out=BR_SC_Mondaí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Monte Carlo
  out=BR_SC_Monte Carlo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Monte Castelo
  out=BR_SC_Monte Castelo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Morro Grande
  out=BR_SC_Morro Grande.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Morro da Fumaça
  out=BR_SC_Morro da Fumaça.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Navegantes
  out=BR_SC_Navegantes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Nova Erechim
  out=BR_SC_Nova Erechim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Nova Itaberaba
  out=BR_SC_Nova Itaberaba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Nova Trento
  out=BR_SC_Nova Trento.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Nova Veneza
  out=BR_SC_Nova Veneza.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Novo Horizonte
  out=BR_SC_Novo Horizonte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Orléans
  out=BR_SC_Orléans.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Otacílio Costa
  out=BR_SC_Otacílio Costa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Ouro
  out=BR_SC_Ouro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Ouro Verde
  out=BR_SC_Ouro Verde.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Paial
  out=BR_SC_Paial.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Painel
  out=BR_SC_Painel.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Palhoça
  out=BR_SC_Palhoça.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Palma Sola
  out=BR_SC_Palma Sola.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Palmeira
  out=BR_SC_Palmeira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Palmitos
  out=BR_SC_Palmitos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Papanduva
  out=BR_SC_Papanduva.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Paraiso
  out=BR_SC_Paraiso.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Passo de Torres
  out=BR_SC_Passo de Torres.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Passos Maia
  out=BR_SC_Passos Maia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Paulo Lopes
  out=BR_SC_Paulo Lopes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Pedras Grandes
  out=BR_SC_Pedras Grandes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Penha
  out=BR_SC_Penha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Peritiba
  out=BR_SC_Peritiba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Petrolândia
  out=BR_SC_Petrolândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Pinhalzinho
  out=BR_SC_Pinhalzinho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Pinheiro Preto
  out=BR_SC_Pinheiro Preto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Piratuba
  out=BR_SC_Piratuba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Piçarras
  out=BR_SC_Piçarras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Planalto Alegre
  out=BR_SC_Planalto Alegre.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Pomerode
  out=BR_SC_Pomerode.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Ponte Alta
  out=BR_SC_Ponte Alta.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Ponte Alta do Norte
  out=BR_SC_Ponte Alta do Norte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Ponte Serrada
  out=BR_SC_Ponte Serrada.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Porto Belo
  out=BR_SC_Porto Belo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Porto União
  out=BR_SC_Porto União.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Pouso Redondo
  out=BR_SC_Pouso Redondo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Praia Grande
  out=BR_SC_Praia Grande.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Presidente Castelo Branco
  out=BR_SC_Presidente Castelo Branco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Presidente Getúlio
  out=BR_SC_Presidente Getúlio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Presidente Nereu
  out=BR_SC_Presidente Nereu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Princesa
  out=BR_SC_Princesa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Quilombo
  out=BR_SC_Quilombo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Rancho Queimado
  out=BR_SC_Rancho Queimado.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Rio Fortuna
  out=BR_SC_Rio Fortuna.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Rio Negrinho
  out=BR_SC_Rio Negrinho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Rio Rufino
  out=BR_SC_Rio Rufino.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Rio das Antas
  out=BR_SC_Rio das Antas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Rio do Campo
  out=BR_SC_Rio do Campo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Rio do Oeste
  out=BR_SC_Rio do Oeste.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Rio do Sul
  out=BR_SC_Rio do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Rio dos Cedros
  out=BR_SC_Rio dos Cedros.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Riqueza
  out=BR_SC_Riqueza.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Rodeio
  out=BR_SC_Rodeio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Romelândia
  out=BR_SC_Romelândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Salete
  out=BR_SC_Salete.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Saltinho
  out=BR_SC_Saltinho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Salto Veloso
  out=BR_SC_Salto Veloso.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Sangão
  out=BR_SC_Sangão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Santa Cecília
  out=BR_SC_Santa Cecília.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Santa Helena
  out=BR_SC_Santa Helena.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Santa Rosa de Lima
  out=BR_SC_Santa Rosa de Lima.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Santa Rosa do Sul
  out=BR_SC_Santa Rosa do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Santa Terezinha
  out=BR_SC_Santa Terezinha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Santa Terezinha do Progresso
  out=BR_SC_Santa Terezinha do Progresso.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Santiago do Sul
  out=BR_SC_Santiago do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Santo Amaro da Imperatriz
  out=BR_SC_Santo Amaro da Imperatriz.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Saudades
  out=BR_SC_Saudades.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Schroeder
  out=BR_SC_Schroeder.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Seara
  out=BR_SC_Seara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Serra Alta
  out=BR_SC_Serra Alta.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Siderópolis
  out=BR_SC_Siderópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Sombrio
  out=BR_SC_Sombrio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Sul Brasil
  out=BR_SC_Sul Brasil.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/São Bento do Sul
  out=BR_SC_São Bento do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/São Bernardino
  out=BR_SC_São Bernardino.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/São Bonifácio
  out=BR_SC_São Bonifácio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/São Carlos
  out=BR_SC_São Carlos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/São Cristóvão do Sul
  out=BR_SC_São Cristóvão do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/São Domingos
  out=BR_SC_São Domingos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/São Francisco do Sul
  out=BR_SC_São Francisco do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/São Joaquim
  out=BR_SC_São Joaquim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/São José
  out=BR_SC_São José.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/São José do Cedro
  out=BR_SC_São José do Cedro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/São José do Cerrito
  out=BR_SC_São José do Cerrito.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/São João Batista
  out=BR_SC_São João Batista.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/São João do Itaperiú
  out=BR_SC_São João do Itaperiú.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/São João do Oeste
  out=BR_SC_São João do Oeste.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/São João do Sul
  out=BR_SC_São João do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/São Lourenço d'Oeste
  out=BR_SC_São Lourenço d'Oeste.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/São Ludgero
  out=BR_SC_São Ludgero.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/São Martinho
  out=BR_SC_São Martinho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/São Miguel da Boa Vista
  out=BR_SC_São Miguel da Boa Vista.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/São Miguel do Oeste
  out=BR_SC_São Miguel do Oeste.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/São Pedro de Alcântara
  out=BR_SC_São Pedro de Alcântara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Taió
  out=BR_SC_Taió.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Tangara
  out=BR_SC_Tangara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Tigrinhos
  out=BR_SC_Tigrinhos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Tijucas
  out=BR_SC_Tijucas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Timbo
  out=BR_SC_Timbo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Timbé do Sul
  out=BR_SC_Timbé do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Timbó Grande
  out=BR_SC_Timbó Grande.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Treviso
  out=BR_SC_Treviso.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Treze Tílias
  out=BR_SC_Treze Tílias.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Treze de Maio
  out=BR_SC_Treze de Maio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Trombudo Central
  out=BR_SC_Trombudo Central.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Três Barras
  out=BR_SC_Três Barras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Tubarão
  out=BR_SC_Tubarão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Tunápolis
  out=BR_SC_Tunápolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Turvo
  out=BR_SC_Turvo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/União do Oeste
  out=BR_SC_União do Oeste.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Urubici
  out=BR_SC_Urubici.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Urupema
  out=BR_SC_Urupema.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Urussanga
  out=BR_SC_Urussanga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Vargem
  out=BR_SC_Vargem.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Vargem Bonita
  out=BR_SC_Vargem Bonita.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Vargeão
  out=BR_SC_Vargeão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Vidal Ramos
  out=BR_SC_Vidal Ramos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Videira
  out=BR_SC_Videira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Vitor Meireles
  out=BR_SC_Vitor Meireles.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Witmarsum
  out=BR_SC_Witmarsum.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Xanxerê
  out=BR_SC_Xanxerê.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Xavantina
  out=BR_SC_Xavantina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Xaxim
  out=BR_SC_Xaxim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Zortéa
  out=BR_SC_Zortéa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Água Doce
  out=BR_SC_Água Doce.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Águas Frias
  out=BR_SC_Águas Frias.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Águas Mornas
  out=BR_SC_Águas Mornas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SC/Águas de Chapecó
  out=BR_SC_Águas de Chapecó.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE
  out=BR_SE.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Amparo de São Francisco
  out=BR_SE_Amparo de São Francisco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Aquidabã
  out=BR_SE_Aquidabã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Aracaju
  out=BR_SE_Aracaju.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Arauá
  out=BR_SE_Arauá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Areia Branca
  out=BR_SE_Areia Branca.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Barra dos Coqueiros
  out=BR_SE_Barra dos Coqueiros.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Boquim
  out=BR_SE_Boquim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Brejo Grande
  out=BR_SE_Brejo Grande.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Campo do Brito
  out=BR_SE_Campo do Brito.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Canhoba
  out=BR_SE_Canhoba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Canindé de São Francisco
  out=BR_SE_Canindé de São Francisco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Capela
  out=BR_SE_Capela.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Carira
  out=BR_SE_Carira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Carmópolis
  out=BR_SE_Carmópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Cedro de São João
  out=BR_SE_Cedro de São João.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Cristinápolis
  out=BR_SE_Cristinápolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Cumbe
  out=BR_SE_Cumbe.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Divina Pastora
  out=BR_SE_Divina Pastora.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Estancia
  out=BR_SE_Estancia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Feira Nova
  out=BR_SE_Feira Nova.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Frei Paulo
  out=BR_SE_Frei Paulo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Gararu
  out=BR_SE_Gararu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/General Maynard
  out=BR_SE_General Maynard.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Gracho Cardoso
  out=BR_SE_Gracho Cardoso.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Ilha das Flores
  out=BR_SE_Ilha das Flores.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Indiaroba
  out=BR_SE_Indiaroba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Itabaiana
  out=BR_SE_Itabaiana.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Itabaianinha
  out=BR_SE_Itabaianinha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Itabi
  out=BR_SE_Itabi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Itaporanga d'Ajuda
  out=BR_SE_Itaporanga d'Ajuda.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Japaratuba
  out=BR_SE_Japaratuba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Japoatã
  out=BR_SE_Japoatã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Lagarto
  out=BR_SE_Lagarto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Laranjeiras
  out=BR_SE_Laranjeiras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Macambira
  out=BR_SE_Macambira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Malhada dos Bois
  out=BR_SE_Malhada dos Bois.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Malhador
  out=BR_SE_Malhador.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Maruim
  out=BR_SE_Maruim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Moita Bonita
  out=BR_SE_Moita Bonita.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Monte Alegre de Sergipe
  out=BR_SE_Monte Alegre de Sergipe.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Muribeca
  out=BR_SE_Muribeca.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Neópolis
  out=BR_SE_Neópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Nossa Senhora Aparecida
  out=BR_SE_Nossa Senhora Aparecida.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Nossa Senhora da Glória
  out=BR_SE_Nossa Senhora da Glória.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Nossa Senhora das Dores
  out=BR_SE_Nossa Senhora das Dores.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Nossa Senhora de Lourdes
  out=BR_SE_Nossa Senhora de Lourdes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Nossa Senhora do Socorro
  out=BR_SE_Nossa Senhora do Socorro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Pacatuba
  out=BR_SE_Pacatuba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Pedra Mole
  out=BR_SE_Pedra Mole.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Pedrinhas
  out=BR_SE_Pedrinhas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Pinhão
  out=BR_SE_Pinhão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Pirambu
  out=BR_SE_Pirambu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Porto da Folha
  out=BR_SE_Porto da Folha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Poço Redondo
  out=BR_SE_Poço Redondo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Poço Verde
  out=BR_SE_Poço Verde.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Propriá
  out=BR_SE_Propriá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Riachuelo
  out=BR_SE_Riachuelo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Riachão do Dantas
  out=BR_SE_Riachão do Dantas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Ribeirópolis
  out=BR_SE_Ribeirópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Rosário do Catete
  out=BR_SE_Rosário do Catete.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Salgado
  out=BR_SE_Salgado.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Santa Luzia do Itanhy
  out=BR_SE_Santa Luzia do Itanhy.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Santa Rosa de Lima
  out=BR_SE_Santa Rosa de Lima.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Santana do São Francisco
  out=BR_SE_Santana do São Francisco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Santo Amaro das Brotas
  out=BR_SE_Santo Amaro das Brotas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Simão Dias
  out=BR_SE_Simão Dias.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Siriri
  out=BR_SE_Siriri.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/São Cristóvão
  out=BR_SE_São Cristóvão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/São Domingos
  out=BR_SE_São Domingos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/São Francisco
  out=BR_SE_São Francisco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/São Miguel do Aleixo
  out=BR_SE_São Miguel do Aleixo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Telha
  out=BR_SE_Telha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Tobias Barreto
  out=BR_SE_Tobias Barreto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Tomar do Geru
  out=BR_SE_Tomar do Geru.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SE/Umbaúba
  out=BR_SE_Umbaúba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP
  out=BR_SP.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Adamantina
  out=BR_SP_Adamantina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Adolfo
  out=BR_SP_Adolfo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Aguaí
  out=BR_SP_Aguaí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Agudos
  out=BR_SP_Agudos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Alambari
  out=BR_SP_Alambari.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Alfredo Marcondes
  out=BR_SP_Alfredo Marcondes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Altair
  out=BR_SP_Altair.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Altinópolis
  out=BR_SP_Altinópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Alto Alegre
  out=BR_SP_Alto Alegre.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Alumínio
  out=BR_SP_Alumínio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Alvinlândia
  out=BR_SP_Alvinlândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Americana
  out=BR_SP_Americana.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Amparo
  out=BR_SP_Amparo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Américo Brasiliense
  out=BR_SP_Américo Brasiliense.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Américo de Campos
  out=BR_SP_Américo de Campos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Analândia
  out=BR_SP_Analândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Andradina
  out=BR_SP_Andradina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Angatuba
  out=BR_SP_Angatuba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Anhembi
  out=BR_SP_Anhembi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Anhumas
  out=BR_SP_Anhumas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Aparecida
  out=BR_SP_Aparecida.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Aparecida d'Oeste
  out=BR_SP_Aparecida d'Oeste.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Apiaí
  out=BR_SP_Apiaí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Aramina
  out=BR_SP_Aramina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Arandu
  out=BR_SP_Arandu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Arapeí
  out=BR_SP_Arapeí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Araraquara
  out=BR_SP_Araraquara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Araras
  out=BR_SP_Araras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Araçariguama
  out=BR_SP_Araçariguama.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Araçatuba
  out=BR_SP_Araçatuba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Araçoiaba da Serra
  out=BR_SP_Araçoiaba da Serra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Arco-Íris
  out=BR_SP_Arco-Íris.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Arealva
  out=BR_SP_Arealva.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Areias
  out=BR_SP_Areias.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Areiópolis
  out=BR_SP_Areiópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Ariranha
  out=BR_SP_Ariranha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Artur Nogueira
  out=BR_SP_Artur Nogueira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Arujá
  out=BR_SP_Arujá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Aspásia
  out=BR_SP_Aspásia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Assis
  out=BR_SP_Assis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Atibaia
  out=BR_SP_Atibaia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Auriflama
  out=BR_SP_Auriflama.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Avanhandava
  out=BR_SP_Avanhandava.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Avaré
  out=BR_SP_Avaré.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Avaí
  out=BR_SP_Avaí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Bady Bassitt
  out=BR_SP_Bady Bassitt.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Balbinos
  out=BR_SP_Balbinos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Bananal
  out=BR_SP_Bananal.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Barbosa
  out=BR_SP_Barbosa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Bariri
  out=BR_SP_Bariri.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Barra Bonita
  out=BR_SP_Barra Bonita.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Barra do Chapéu
  out=BR_SP_Barra do Chapéu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Barra do Turvo
  out=BR_SP_Barra do Turvo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Barretos
  out=BR_SP_Barretos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Barrinha
  out=BR_SP_Barrinha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Barueri
  out=BR_SP_Barueri.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Barão de Antonina
  out=BR_SP_Barão de Antonina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Bastos
  out=BR_SP_Bastos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Batatais
  out=BR_SP_Batatais.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Bauru
  out=BR_SP_Bauru.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Bebedouro
  out=BR_SP_Bebedouro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Bento de Abreu
  out=BR_SP_Bento de Abreu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Bernardino de Campos
  out=BR_SP_Bernardino de Campos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Bertioga
  out=BR_SP_Bertioga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Bilac
  out=BR_SP_Bilac.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Birigüi
  out=BR_SP_Birigüi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Biritiba-Mirim
  out=BR_SP_Biritiba-Mirim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Boa Esperança do Sul
  out=BR_SP_Boa Esperança do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Bocaina
  out=BR_SP_Bocaina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Bofete
  out=BR_SP_Bofete.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Boituva
  out=BR_SP_Boituva.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Bom Jesus dos Perdões
  out=BR_SP_Bom Jesus dos Perdões.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Bom Sucesso de Itararé
  out=BR_SP_Bom Sucesso de Itararé.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Boracéia
  out=BR_SP_Boracéia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Borborema
  out=BR_SP_Borborema.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Borebi
  out=BR_SP_Borebi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Borá
  out=BR_SP_Borá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Botucatu
  out=BR_SP_Botucatu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Bragança Paulista
  out=BR_SP_Bragança Paulista.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Braúna
  out=BR_SP_Braúna.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Brejo Alegre
  out=BR_SP_Brejo Alegre.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Brodowski
  out=BR_SP_Brodowski.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Brotas
  out=BR_SP_Brotas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Buri
  out=BR_SP_Buri.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Buritama
  out=BR_SP_Buritama.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Buritizal
  out=BR_SP_Buritizal.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Bálsamo
  out=BR_SP_Bálsamo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Cabreúva
  out=BR_SP_Cabreúva.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Cabrália Paulista
  out=BR_SP_Cabrália Paulista.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Cachoeira Paulista
  out=BR_SP_Cachoeira Paulista.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Caconde
  out=BR_SP_Caconde.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Cafelândia
  out=BR_SP_Cafelândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Caiabu
  out=BR_SP_Caiabu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Caieiras
  out=BR_SP_Caieiras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Caiuá
  out=BR_SP_Caiuá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Cajamar
  out=BR_SP_Cajamar.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Cajati
  out=BR_SP_Cajati.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Cajobi
  out=BR_SP_Cajobi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Cajuru
  out=BR_SP_Cajuru.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Campina do Monte Alegre
  out=BR_SP_Campina do Monte Alegre.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Campinas
  out=BR_SP_Campinas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Campo Limpo Paulista
  out=BR_SP_Campo Limpo Paulista.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Campos Novos Paulista
  out=BR_SP_Campos Novos Paulista.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Campos do Jordão
  out=BR_SP_Campos do Jordão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Cananéia
  out=BR_SP_Cananéia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Canas
  out=BR_SP_Canas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Canitar
  out=BR_SP_Canitar.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Capela do Alto
  out=BR_SP_Capela do Alto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Capivari
  out=BR_SP_Capivari.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Capão Bonito
  out=BR_SP_Capão Bonito.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Caraguatatuba
  out=BR_SP_Caraguatatuba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Carapicuíba
  out=BR_SP_Carapicuíba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Cardoso
  out=BR_SP_Cardoso.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Casa Branca
  out=BR_SP_Casa Branca.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Castilho
  out=BR_SP_Castilho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Catanduva
  out=BR_SP_Catanduva.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Catiguá
  out=BR_SP_Catiguá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Caçapava
  out=BR_SP_Caçapava.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Cedral
  out=BR_SP_Cedral.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Cerqueira César
  out=BR_SP_Cerqueira César.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Cerquilho
  out=BR_SP_Cerquilho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Cesário Lange
  out=BR_SP_Cesário Lange.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Charqueada
  out=BR_SP_Charqueada.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Chavantes
  out=BR_SP_Chavantes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Clementina
  out=BR_SP_Clementina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Colina
  out=BR_SP_Colina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Colombia
  out=BR_SP_Colombia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Conchal
  out=BR_SP_Conchal.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Conchas
  out=BR_SP_Conchas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Cordeirópolis
  out=BR_SP_Cordeirópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Coroados
  out=BR_SP_Coroados.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Coronel Macedo
  out=BR_SP_Coronel Macedo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Corumbataí
  out=BR_SP_Corumbataí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Cosmopolis
  out=BR_SP_Cosmopolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Cosmorama
  out=BR_SP_Cosmorama.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Cotia
  out=BR_SP_Cotia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Cravinhos
  out=BR_SP_Cravinhos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Cristais Paulista
  out=BR_SP_Cristais Paulista.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Cruzeiro
  out=BR_SP_Cruzeiro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Cruzália
  out=BR_SP_Cruzália.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Cubatão
  out=BR_SP_Cubatão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Cunha
  out=BR_SP_Cunha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Cássia dos Coqueiros
  out=BR_SP_Cássia dos Coqueiros.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Cândido Mota
  out=BR_SP_Cândido Mota.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Cândido Rodrigues
  out=BR_SP_Cândido Rodrigues.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Descalvado
  out=BR_SP_Descalvado.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Diadema
  out=BR_SP_Diadema.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Dirce Reis
  out=BR_SP_Dirce Reis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Divinolândia
  out=BR_SP_Divinolândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Dobrada
  out=BR_SP_Dobrada.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Dois Córregos
  out=BR_SP_Dois Córregos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Dolcinópolis
  out=BR_SP_Dolcinópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Dourado
  out=BR_SP_Dourado.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Dracena
  out=BR_SP_Dracena.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Duartina
  out=BR_SP_Duartina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Dumont
  out=BR_SP_Dumont.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Echaporã
  out=BR_SP_Echaporã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Eldorado
  out=BR_SP_Eldorado.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Elias Fausto
  out=BR_SP_Elias Fausto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Elisiário
  out=BR_SP_Elisiário.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Embaúba
  out=BR_SP_Embaúba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Embu
  out=BR_SP_Embu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Embu-Guaçu
  out=BR_SP_Embu-Guaçu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Emilianópolis
  out=BR_SP_Emilianópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Engenheiro Coelho
  out=BR_SP_Engenheiro Coelho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Espírito Santo do Pinhal
  out=BR_SP_Espírito Santo do Pinhal.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Espírito Santo do Turvo
  out=BR_SP_Espírito Santo do Turvo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Estiva Gerbi
  out=BR_SP_Estiva Gerbi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Estrela d'Oeste
  out=BR_SP_Estrela d'Oeste.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Estrela do Norte
  out=BR_SP_Estrela do Norte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Euclides da Cunha Paulista
  out=BR_SP_Euclides da Cunha Paulista.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Fartura
  out=BR_SP_Fartura.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Fernando Prestes
  out=BR_SP_Fernando Prestes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Fernandópolis
  out=BR_SP_Fernandópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Fernão
  out=BR_SP_Fernão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Ferraz de Vasconcelos
  out=BR_SP_Ferraz de Vasconcelos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Flora Rica
  out=BR_SP_Flora Rica.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Floréal
  out=BR_SP_Floréal.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Florínia
  out=BR_SP_Florínia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Flórida Paulista
  out=BR_SP_Flórida Paulista.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Franca
  out=BR_SP_Franca.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Francisco Morato
  out=BR_SP_Francisco Morato.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Franco da Rocha
  out=BR_SP_Franco da Rocha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Gabriel Monteiro
  out=BR_SP_Gabriel Monteiro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Garça
  out=BR_SP_Garça.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Gastão Vidigal
  out=BR_SP_Gastão Vidigal.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Gavião Peixoto
  out=BR_SP_Gavião Peixoto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/General Salgado
  out=BR_SP_General Salgado.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Getulina
  out=BR_SP_Getulina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Glicério
  out=BR_SP_Glicério.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Guaimbê
  out=BR_SP_Guaimbê.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Guaiçara
  out=BR_SP_Guaiçara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Guapiara
  out=BR_SP_Guapiara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Guapiaçu
  out=BR_SP_Guapiaçu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Guaraci
  out=BR_SP_Guaraci.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Guarani d'Oeste
  out=BR_SP_Guarani d'Oeste.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Guarantã
  out=BR_SP_Guarantã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Guararapes
  out=BR_SP_Guararapes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Guararema
  out=BR_SP_Guararema.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Guaratinguetá
  out=BR_SP_Guaratinguetá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Guaraçaí
  out=BR_SP_Guaraçaí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Guareí
  out=BR_SP_Guareí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Guariba
  out=BR_SP_Guariba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Guarujá
  out=BR_SP_Guarujá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Guarulhos
  out=BR_SP_Guarulhos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Guará
  out=BR_SP_Guará.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Guatapará
  out=BR_SP_Guatapará.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Guaíra
  out=BR_SP_Guaíra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Guzolândia
  out=BR_SP_Guzolândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Gália
  out=BR_SP_Gália.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Herculândia
  out=BR_SP_Herculândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Holambra
  out=BR_SP_Holambra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Hortolândia
  out=BR_SP_Hortolândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Iacanga
  out=BR_SP_Iacanga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Iacri
  out=BR_SP_Iacri.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Iaras
  out=BR_SP_Iaras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Ibaté
  out=BR_SP_Ibaté.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Ibirarema
  out=BR_SP_Ibirarema.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Ibirá
  out=BR_SP_Ibirá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Ibitinga
  out=BR_SP_Ibitinga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Ibiúna
  out=BR_SP_Ibiúna.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Icém
  out=BR_SP_Icém.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Iepê
  out=BR_SP_Iepê.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Igarapava
  out=BR_SP_Igarapava.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Igaratá
  out=BR_SP_Igaratá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Igaraçu do Tietê
  out=BR_SP_Igaraçu do Tietê.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Iguape
  out=BR_SP_Iguape.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Ilha Comprida
  out=BR_SP_Ilha Comprida.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Ilha Solteira
  out=BR_SP_Ilha Solteira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Ilhabela
  out=BR_SP_Ilhabela.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Indaiatuba
  out=BR_SP_Indaiatuba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Indiana
  out=BR_SP_Indiana.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Indiaporã
  out=BR_SP_Indiaporã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Inúbia Paulista
  out=BR_SP_Inúbia Paulista.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Ipaussu
  out=BR_SP_Ipaussu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Iperó
  out=BR_SP_Iperó.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Ipeúna
  out=BR_SP_Ipeúna.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Ipiguá
  out=BR_SP_Ipiguá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Iporanga
  out=BR_SP_Iporanga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Ipuã
  out=BR_SP_Ipuã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Iracemápolis
  out=BR_SP_Iracemápolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Irapuru
  out=BR_SP_Irapuru.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Irapuã
  out=BR_SP_Irapuã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Itaberá
  out=BR_SP_Itaberá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Itajobi
  out=BR_SP_Itajobi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Itaju
  out=BR_SP_Itaju.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Itanhaém
  out=BR_SP_Itanhaém.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Itapecerica da Serra
  out=BR_SP_Itapecerica da Serra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Itapetininga
  out=BR_SP_Itapetininga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Itapeva
  out=BR_SP_Itapeva.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Itapevi
  out=BR_SP_Itapevi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Itapira
  out=BR_SP_Itapira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Itapirapuã Paulista
  out=BR_SP_Itapirapuã Paulista.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Itaporanga
  out=BR_SP_Itaporanga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Itapura
  out=BR_SP_Itapura.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Itapuí
  out=BR_SP_Itapuí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Itaquaquecetuba
  out=BR_SP_Itaquaquecetuba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Itararé
  out=BR_SP_Itararé.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Itariri
  out=BR_SP_Itariri.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Itatiba
  out=BR_SP_Itatiba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Itatinga
  out=BR_SP_Itatinga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Itaí
  out=BR_SP_Itaí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Itaóca
  out=BR_SP_Itaóca.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Itirapina
  out=BR_SP_Itirapina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Itirapuã
  out=BR_SP_Itirapuã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Itobi
  out=BR_SP_Itobi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Itu
  out=BR_SP_Itu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Itupeva
  out=BR_SP_Itupeva.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Ituverava
  out=BR_SP_Ituverava.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Itápolis
  out=BR_SP_Itápolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Jaborandi
  out=BR_SP_Jaborandi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Jaboticabal
  out=BR_SP_Jaboticabal.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Jacareí
  out=BR_SP_Jacareí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Jaci
  out=BR_SP_Jaci.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Jacupiranga
  out=BR_SP_Jacupiranga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Jaguariúna
  out=BR_SP_Jaguariúna.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Jales
  out=BR_SP_Jales.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Jambeiro
  out=BR_SP_Jambeiro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Jandira
  out=BR_SP_Jandira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Jardinópolis
  out=BR_SP_Jardinópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Jarinu
  out=BR_SP_Jarinu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Jaú
  out=BR_SP_Jaú.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Jeriquara
  out=BR_SP_Jeriquara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Joanópolis
  out=BR_SP_Joanópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/José Bonifácio
  out=BR_SP_José Bonifácio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/João Ramalho
  out=BR_SP_João Ramalho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Jumirim
  out=BR_SP_Jumirim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Jundiaí
  out=BR_SP_Jundiaí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Junqueirópolis
  out=BR_SP_Junqueirópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Juquitiba
  out=BR_SP_Juquitiba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Juquiá
  out=BR_SP_Juquiá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Júlio Mesquita
  out=BR_SP_Júlio Mesquita.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Lagoinha
  out=BR_SP_Lagoinha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Laranjal Paulista
  out=BR_SP_Laranjal Paulista.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Lavrinhas
  out=BR_SP_Lavrinhas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Lavínia
  out=BR_SP_Lavínia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Leme
  out=BR_SP_Leme.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Lençóis Paulista
  out=BR_SP_Lençóis Paulista.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Limeira
  out=BR_SP_Limeira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Lindóia
  out=BR_SP_Lindóia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Lins
  out=BR_SP_Lins.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Lorena
  out=BR_SP_Lorena.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Lourdes
  out=BR_SP_Lourdes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Louveira
  out=BR_SP_Louveira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Lucianópolis
  out=BR_SP_Lucianópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Lucélia
  out=BR_SP_Lucélia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Luiziânia
  out=BR_SP_Luiziânia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Lupércio
  out=BR_SP_Lupércio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Lutécia
  out=BR_SP_Lutécia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Luís Antônio
  out=BR_SP_Luís Antônio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Macatuba
  out=BR_SP_Macatuba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Macaubal
  out=BR_SP_Macaubal.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Macedônia
  out=BR_SP_Macedônia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Magda
  out=BR_SP_Magda.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Mairinque
  out=BR_SP_Mairinque.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Mairiporã
  out=BR_SP_Mairiporã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Manduri
  out=BR_SP_Manduri.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Marabá Paulista
  out=BR_SP_Marabá Paulista.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Maracaí
  out=BR_SP_Maracaí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Marapoama
  out=BR_SP_Marapoama.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Marinópolis
  out=BR_SP_Marinópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Mariápolis
  out=BR_SP_Mariápolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Martinópolis
  out=BR_SP_Martinópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Marília
  out=BR_SP_Marília.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Matão
  out=BR_SP_Matão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Mauá
  out=BR_SP_Mauá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Mendonça
  out=BR_SP_Mendonça.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Meridiano
  out=BR_SP_Meridiano.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Mesópolis
  out=BR_SP_Mesópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Miguelópolis
  out=BR_SP_Miguelópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Mineiros do Tietê
  out=BR_SP_Mineiros do Tietê.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Mira Estrela
  out=BR_SP_Mira Estrela.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Miracatu
  out=BR_SP_Miracatu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Mirandópolis
  out=BR_SP_Mirandópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Mirante do Paranapanema
  out=BR_SP_Mirante do Paranapanema.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Mirassol
  out=BR_SP_Mirassol.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Mirassolândia
  out=BR_SP_Mirassolândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Mococa
  out=BR_SP_Mococa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Mogi Guaçu
  out=BR_SP_Mogi Guaçu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Mogi das Cruzes
  out=BR_SP_Mogi das Cruzes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Moji-Mirim
  out=BR_SP_Moji-Mirim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Mombuca
  out=BR_SP_Mombuca.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Mongaguá
  out=BR_SP_Mongaguá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Monte Alegre do Sul
  out=BR_SP_Monte Alegre do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Monte Alto
  out=BR_SP_Monte Alto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Monte Aprazível
  out=BR_SP_Monte Aprazível.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Monte Azul Paulista
  out=BR_SP_Monte Azul Paulista.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Monte Castelo
  out=BR_SP_Monte Castelo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Monte Mor
  out=BR_SP_Monte Mor.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Monteiro Lobato
  out=BR_SP_Monteiro Lobato.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Monções
  out=BR_SP_Monções.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Morro Agudo
  out=BR_SP_Morro Agudo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Morungaba
  out=BR_SP_Morungaba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Motuca
  out=BR_SP_Motuca.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Murutinga do Sul
  out=BR_SP_Murutinga do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Nantes
  out=BR_SP_Nantes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Narandiba
  out=BR_SP_Narandiba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Natividade da Serra
  out=BR_SP_Natividade da Serra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Nazaré Paulista
  out=BR_SP_Nazaré Paulista.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Neves Paulista
  out=BR_SP_Neves Paulista.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Nhandeara
  out=BR_SP_Nhandeara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Nipoã
  out=BR_SP_Nipoã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Nova Aliança
  out=BR_SP_Nova Aliança.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Nova Campina
  out=BR_SP_Nova Campina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Nova Canaã Paulista
  out=BR_SP_Nova Canaã Paulista.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Nova Castilho
  out=BR_SP_Nova Castilho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Nova Europa
  out=BR_SP_Nova Europa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Nova Granada
  out=BR_SP_Nova Granada.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Nova Guataporanga
  out=BR_SP_Nova Guataporanga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Nova Independência
  out=BR_SP_Nova Independência.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Nova Luzitânia
  out=BR_SP_Nova Luzitânia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Nova Odessa
  out=BR_SP_Nova Odessa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Novais
  out=BR_SP_Novais.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Novo Horizonte
  out=BR_SP_Novo Horizonte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Nuporanga
  out=BR_SP_Nuporanga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Ocauçu
  out=BR_SP_Ocauçu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Oleo
  out=BR_SP_Oleo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Olímpia
  out=BR_SP_Olímpia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Onda Verde
  out=BR_SP_Onda Verde.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Oriente
  out=BR_SP_Oriente.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Orindiúva
  out=BR_SP_Orindiúva.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Orlândia
  out=BR_SP_Orlândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Osasco
  out=BR_SP_Osasco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Oscar Bressane
  out=BR_SP_Oscar Bressane.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Osvaldo Cruz
  out=BR_SP_Osvaldo Cruz.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Ourinhos
  out=BR_SP_Ourinhos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Ouro Verde
  out=BR_SP_Ouro Verde.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Ouroeste
  out=BR_SP_Ouroeste.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Pacaembu
  out=BR_SP_Pacaembu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Palestina
  out=BR_SP_Palestina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Palmares Paulista
  out=BR_SP_Palmares Paulista.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Palmeira d'Oeste
  out=BR_SP_Palmeira d'Oeste.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Palmital
  out=BR_SP_Palmital.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Panorama
  out=BR_SP_Panorama.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Paraguaçu Paulista
  out=BR_SP_Paraguaçu Paulista.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Paraibuna
  out=BR_SP_Paraibuna.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Paraiso
  out=BR_SP_Paraiso.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Paranapanema
  out=BR_SP_Paranapanema.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Paranapuã
  out=BR_SP_Paranapuã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Parapuã
  out=BR_SP_Parapuã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Pardinho
  out=BR_SP_Pardinho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Pariquera-Açu
  out=BR_SP_Pariquera-Açu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Parisi
  out=BR_SP_Parisi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Patrocínio Paulista
  out=BR_SP_Patrocínio Paulista.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Paulicéia
  out=BR_SP_Paulicéia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Paulistânia
  out=BR_SP_Paulistânia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Paulo de Faria
  out=BR_SP_Paulo de Faria.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Paulínia
  out=BR_SP_Paulínia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Pederneiras
  out=BR_SP_Pederneiras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Pedra Bela
  out=BR_SP_Pedra Bela.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Pedranópolis
  out=BR_SP_Pedranópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Pedregulho
  out=BR_SP_Pedregulho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Pedreira
  out=BR_SP_Pedreira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Pedrinhas Paulista
  out=BR_SP_Pedrinhas Paulista.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Pedro de Toledo
  out=BR_SP_Pedro de Toledo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Penápolis
  out=BR_SP_Penápolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Pereira Barreto
  out=BR_SP_Pereira Barreto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Pereiras
  out=BR_SP_Pereiras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Peruíbe
  out=BR_SP_Peruíbe.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Piacatu
  out=BR_SP_Piacatu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Piedade
  out=BR_SP_Piedade.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Pilar do Sul
  out=BR_SP_Pilar do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Pindamonhangaba
  out=BR_SP_Pindamonhangaba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Pindorama
  out=BR_SP_Pindorama.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Pinhalzinho
  out=BR_SP_Pinhalzinho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Piquerobi
  out=BR_SP_Piquerobi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Piquete
  out=BR_SP_Piquete.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Piracaia
  out=BR_SP_Piracaia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Piracicaba
  out=BR_SP_Piracicaba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Piraju
  out=BR_SP_Piraju.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Pirajuí
  out=BR_SP_Pirajuí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Pirangi
  out=BR_SP_Pirangi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Pirapora do Bom Jesus
  out=BR_SP_Pirapora do Bom Jesus.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Pirapozinho
  out=BR_SP_Pirapozinho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Pirassununga
  out=BR_SP_Pirassununga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Piratininga
  out=BR_SP_Piratininga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Pitangueiras
  out=BR_SP_Pitangueiras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Planalto
  out=BR_SP_Planalto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Platina
  out=BR_SP_Platina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Poa
  out=BR_SP_Poa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Poloni
  out=BR_SP_Poloni.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Pompéia
  out=BR_SP_Pompéia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Pongaí
  out=BR_SP_Pongaí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Pontal
  out=BR_SP_Pontal.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Pontalinda
  out=BR_SP_Pontalinda.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Pontes Gestal
  out=BR_SP_Pontes Gestal.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Populina
  out=BR_SP_Populina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Porangaba
  out=BR_SP_Porangaba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Porto Feliz
  out=BR_SP_Porto Feliz.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Porto Ferreira
  out=BR_SP_Porto Ferreira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Potim
  out=BR_SP_Potim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Potirendaba
  out=BR_SP_Potirendaba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Pracinha
  out=BR_SP_Pracinha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Pradópolis
  out=BR_SP_Pradópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Praia Grande
  out=BR_SP_Praia Grande.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Pratânia
  out=BR_SP_Pratânia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Presidente Alves
  out=BR_SP_Presidente Alves.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Presidente Bernardes
  out=BR_SP_Presidente Bernardes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Presidente Epitácio
  out=BR_SP_Presidente Epitácio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Presidente Prudente
  out=BR_SP_Presidente Prudente.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Presidente Venceslau
  out=BR_SP_Presidente Venceslau.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Promissão
  out=BR_SP_Promissão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Quadra
  out=BR_SP_Quadra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Quatá
  out=BR_SP_Quatá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Queiroz
  out=BR_SP_Queiroz.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Queluz
  out=BR_SP_Queluz.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Quintana
  out=BR_SP_Quintana.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Rafard
  out=BR_SP_Rafard.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Rancharia
  out=BR_SP_Rancharia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Redenção da Serra
  out=BR_SP_Redenção da Serra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Regente Feijó
  out=BR_SP_Regente Feijó.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Reginópolis
  out=BR_SP_Reginópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Registro
  out=BR_SP_Registro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Restinga
  out=BR_SP_Restinga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Ribeira
  out=BR_SP_Ribeira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Ribeirão Bonito
  out=BR_SP_Ribeirão Bonito.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Ribeirão Branco
  out=BR_SP_Ribeirão Branco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Ribeirão Corrente
  out=BR_SP_Ribeirão Corrente.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Ribeirão Grande
  out=BR_SP_Ribeirão Grande.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Ribeirão Pires
  out=BR_SP_Ribeirão Pires.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Ribeirão Preto
  out=BR_SP_Ribeirão Preto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Ribeirão do Sul
  out=BR_SP_Ribeirão do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Ribeirão dos Índios
  out=BR_SP_Ribeirão dos Índios.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Rifaina
  out=BR_SP_Rifaina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Rincão
  out=BR_SP_Rincão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Rinópolis
  out=BR_SP_Rinópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Rio Claro
  out=BR_SP_Rio Claro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Rio Grande da Serra
  out=BR_SP_Rio Grande da Serra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Rio das Pedras
  out=BR_SP_Rio das Pedras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Riolândia
  out=BR_SP_Riolândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Riversul
  out=BR_SP_Riversul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Rosana
  out=BR_SP_Rosana.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Roseira
  out=BR_SP_Roseira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Rubinéia
  out=BR_SP_Rubinéia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Rubiácea
  out=BR_SP_Rubiácea.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Sabino
  out=BR_SP_Sabino.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Sagres
  out=BR_SP_Sagres.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Sales
  out=BR_SP_Sales.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Sales Oliveira
  out=BR_SP_Sales Oliveira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Salesópolis
  out=BR_SP_Salesópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Salmourão
  out=BR_SP_Salmourão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Saltinho
  out=BR_SP_Saltinho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Salto
  out=BR_SP_Salto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Salto Grande
  out=BR_SP_Salto Grande.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Salto de Pirapora
  out=BR_SP_Salto de Pirapora.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Sandovalina
  out=BR_SP_Sandovalina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Santa Adélia
  out=BR_SP_Santa Adélia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Santa Albertina
  out=BR_SP_Santa Albertina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Santa Branca
  out=BR_SP_Santa Branca.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Santa Bárbara d'Oeste
  out=BR_SP_Santa Bárbara d'Oeste.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Santa Clara d'Oeste
  out=BR_SP_Santa Clara d'Oeste.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Santa Cruz da Conceição
  out=BR_SP_Santa Cruz da Conceição.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Santa Cruz da Esperança
  out=BR_SP_Santa Cruz da Esperança.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Santa Cruz das Palmeiras
  out=BR_SP_Santa Cruz das Palmeiras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Santa Cruz do Rio Pardo
  out=BR_SP_Santa Cruz do Rio Pardo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Santa Ernestina
  out=BR_SP_Santa Ernestina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Santa Fé do Sul
  out=BR_SP_Santa Fé do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Santa Gertrudes
  out=BR_SP_Santa Gertrudes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Santa Isabel
  out=BR_SP_Santa Isabel.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Santa Lucia
  out=BR_SP_Santa Lucia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Santa Maria da Serra
  out=BR_SP_Santa Maria da Serra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Santa Mercedes
  out=BR_SP_Santa Mercedes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Santa Rita d'Oeste
  out=BR_SP_Santa Rita d'Oeste.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Santa Rita do Passa Quatro
  out=BR_SP_Santa Rita do Passa Quatro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Santa Rosa de Viterbo
  out=BR_SP_Santa Rosa de Viterbo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Santa Salete
  out=BR_SP_Santa Salete.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Santana da Ponte Pensa
  out=BR_SP_Santana da Ponte Pensa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Santana de Parnaíba
  out=BR_SP_Santana de Parnaíba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Santo Anastácio
  out=BR_SP_Santo Anastácio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Santo André
  out=BR_SP_Santo André.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Santo Antônio da Alegria
  out=BR_SP_Santo Antônio da Alegria.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Santo Antônio de Posse
  out=BR_SP_Santo Antônio de Posse.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Santo Antônio do Aracanguá
  out=BR_SP_Santo Antônio do Aracanguá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Santo Antônio do Jardim
  out=BR_SP_Santo Antônio do Jardim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Santo Antônio do Pinhal
  out=BR_SP_Santo Antônio do Pinhal.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Santo Expedito
  out=BR_SP_Santo Expedito.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Santos
  out=BR_SP_Santos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Santópolis do Aguapeí
  out=BR_SP_Santópolis do Aguapeí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Sarapuí
  out=BR_SP_Sarapuí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Sarutaiá
  out=BR_SP_Sarutaiá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Sebastianópolis do Sul
  out=BR_SP_Sebastianópolis do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Serra Azul
  out=BR_SP_Serra Azul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Serra Negra
  out=BR_SP_Serra Negra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Serrana
  out=BR_SP_Serrana.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Sertãozinho
  out=BR_SP_Sertãozinho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Sete Barras
  out=BR_SP_Sete Barras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Severínia
  out=BR_SP_Severínia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Silveiras
  out=BR_SP_Silveiras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Socorro
  out=BR_SP_Socorro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Sorocaba
  out=BR_SP_Sorocaba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Sud Mennucci
  out=BR_SP_Sud Mennucci.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Sumaré
  out=BR_SP_Sumaré.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Suzano
  out=BR_SP_Suzano.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Suzanápolis
  out=BR_SP_Suzanápolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/São Bento do Sapucaí
  out=BR_SP_São Bento do Sapucaí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/São Bernardo do Campo
  out=BR_SP_São Bernardo do Campo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/São Caetano do Sul
  out=BR_SP_São Caetano do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/São Carlos
  out=BR_SP_São Carlos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/São Francisco
  out=BR_SP_São Francisco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/São Joaquim da Barra
  out=BR_SP_São Joaquim da Barra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/São José da Bela Vista
  out=BR_SP_São José da Bela Vista.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/São José do Barreiro
  out=BR_SP_São José do Barreiro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/São José do Rio Pardo
  out=BR_SP_São José do Rio Pardo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/São José do Rio Preto
  out=BR_SP_São José do Rio Preto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/São José dos Campos
  out=BR_SP_São José dos Campos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/São João da Boa Vista
  out=BR_SP_São João da Boa Vista.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/São João das Duas Pontes
  out=BR_SP_São João das Duas Pontes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/São João de Iracema
  out=BR_SP_São João de Iracema.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/São João do Pau d'Alho
  out=BR_SP_São João do Pau d'Alho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/São Lourenço da Serra
  out=BR_SP_São Lourenço da Serra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/São Luíz do Paraitinga
  out=BR_SP_São Luíz do Paraitinga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/São Manuel
  out=BR_SP_São Manuel.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/São Miguel Arcanjo
  out=BR_SP_São Miguel Arcanjo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/São Paulo
  out=BR_SP_São Paulo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/São Pedro
  out=BR_SP_São Pedro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/São Pedro do Turvo
  out=BR_SP_São Pedro do Turvo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/São Roque
  out=BR_SP_São Roque.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/São Sebastião
  out=BR_SP_São Sebastião.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/São Sebastião da Grama
  out=BR_SP_São Sebastião da Grama.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/São Simão
  out=BR_SP_São Simão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/São Vicente
  out=BR_SP_São Vicente.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Tabapuã
  out=BR_SP_Tabapuã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Tabatinga
  out=BR_SP_Tabatinga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Taboão da Serra
  out=BR_SP_Taboão da Serra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Taciba
  out=BR_SP_Taciba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Taguaí
  out=BR_SP_Taguaí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Taiaçu
  out=BR_SP_Taiaçu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Taiúva
  out=BR_SP_Taiúva.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Tambaú
  out=BR_SP_Tambaú.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Tanabi
  out=BR_SP_Tanabi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Tapiratiba
  out=BR_SP_Tapiratiba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Tapiraí
  out=BR_SP_Tapiraí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Taquaral
  out=BR_SP_Taquaral.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Taquaritinga
  out=BR_SP_Taquaritinga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Taquarituba
  out=BR_SP_Taquarituba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Taquarivaí
  out=BR_SP_Taquarivaí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Tarabai
  out=BR_SP_Tarabai.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Tarumã
  out=BR_SP_Tarumã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Tatuí
  out=BR_SP_Tatuí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Taubaté
  out=BR_SP_Taubaté.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Tejupá
  out=BR_SP_Tejupá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Teodoro Sampaio
  out=BR_SP_Teodoro Sampaio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Terra Roxa
  out=BR_SP_Terra Roxa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Tietê
  out=BR_SP_Tietê.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Timburi
  out=BR_SP_Timburi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Torre de Pedra
  out=BR_SP_Torre de Pedra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Torrinha
  out=BR_SP_Torrinha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Trabiju
  out=BR_SP_Trabiju.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Tremembé
  out=BR_SP_Tremembé.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Três Fronteiras
  out=BR_SP_Três Fronteiras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Tuiuti
  out=BR_SP_Tuiuti.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Tupi Paulista
  out=BR_SP_Tupi Paulista.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Tupã
  out=BR_SP_Tupã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Turiúba
  out=BR_SP_Turiúba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Turmalina
  out=BR_SP_Turmalina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Ubarana
  out=BR_SP_Ubarana.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Ubatuba
  out=BR_SP_Ubatuba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Ubirajara
  out=BR_SP_Ubirajara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Uchoa
  out=BR_SP_Uchoa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/União Paulista
  out=BR_SP_União Paulista.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Uru
  out=BR_SP_Uru.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Urupês
  out=BR_SP_Urupês.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Urânia
  out=BR_SP_Urânia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Valentim Gentil
  out=BR_SP_Valentim Gentil.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Valinhos
  out=BR_SP_Valinhos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Valparaíso
  out=BR_SP_Valparaíso.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Vargem
  out=BR_SP_Vargem.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Vargem Grande Paulista
  out=BR_SP_Vargem Grande Paulista.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Vargem Grande do Sul
  out=BR_SP_Vargem Grande do Sul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Vera Cruz
  out=BR_SP_Vera Cruz.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Vinhedo
  out=BR_SP_Vinhedo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Viradouro
  out=BR_SP_Viradouro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Vista Alegre do Alto
  out=BR_SP_Vista Alegre do Alto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Vitória Brasil
  out=BR_SP_Vitória Brasil.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Votorantim
  out=BR_SP_Votorantim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Votuporanga
  out=BR_SP_Votuporanga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Várzea Paulista
  out=BR_SP_Várzea Paulista.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Zacarias
  out=BR_SP_Zacarias.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Águas da Prata
  out=BR_SP_Águas da Prata.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Águas de Lindóia
  out=BR_SP_Águas de Lindóia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Águas de Santa Bárbara
  out=BR_SP_Águas de Santa Bárbara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Águas de São Pedro
  out=BR_SP_Águas de São Pedro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Álvares Florence
  out=BR_SP_Álvares Florence.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Álvares Machado
  out=BR_SP_Álvares Machado.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/SP/Álvaro de Carvalho
  out=BR_SP_Álvaro de Carvalho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO
  out=BR_TO.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Abreulândia
  out=BR_TO_Abreulândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Aguiarnópolis
  out=BR_TO_Aguiarnópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Aliança do Tocantins
  out=BR_TO_Aliança do Tocantins.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Almas
  out=BR_TO_Almas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Alvorada
  out=BR_TO_Alvorada.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Ananas
  out=BR_TO_Ananas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Angico
  out=BR_TO_Angico.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Aparecida do Rio Negro
  out=BR_TO_Aparecida do Rio Negro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Aragominas
  out=BR_TO_Aragominas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Araguacema
  out=BR_TO_Araguacema.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Araguanã
  out=BR_TO_Araguanã.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Araguatins
  out=BR_TO_Araguatins.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Araguaçu
  out=BR_TO_Araguaçu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Araguaína
  out=BR_TO_Araguaína.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Arapoema
  out=BR_TO_Arapoema.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Arraias
  out=BR_TO_Arraias.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Augustinópolis
  out=BR_TO_Augustinópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Aurora do Tocantins
  out=BR_TO_Aurora do Tocantins.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Axixá do Tocantins
  out=BR_TO_Axixá do Tocantins.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Babaçulândia
  out=BR_TO_Babaçulândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Bandeirantes do Tocantins
  out=BR_TO_Bandeirantes do Tocantins.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Barra do Ouro
  out=BR_TO_Barra do Ouro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Barrolândia
  out=BR_TO_Barrolândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Bernardo Sayão
  out=BR_TO_Bernardo Sayão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Bom Jesus do Tocantins
  out=BR_TO_Bom Jesus do Tocantins.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Brasilândia do Tocantins
  out=BR_TO_Brasilândia do Tocantins.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Brejinho de Nazaré
  out=BR_TO_Brejinho de Nazaré.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Buriti do Tocantins
  out=BR_TO_Buriti do Tocantins.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Cachoeirinha
  out=BR_TO_Cachoeirinha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Campos Lindos
  out=BR_TO_Campos Lindos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Cariri do Tocantins
  out=BR_TO_Cariri do Tocantins.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Carmolândia
  out=BR_TO_Carmolândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Carrasco Bonito
  out=BR_TO_Carrasco Bonito.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Caseara
  out=BR_TO_Caseara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Centenário
  out=BR_TO_Centenário.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Chapada da Natividade
  out=BR_TO_Chapada da Natividade.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Chapada de Areia
  out=BR_TO_Chapada de Areia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Colinas do Tocantins
  out=BR_TO_Colinas do Tocantins.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Colméia
  out=BR_TO_Colméia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Combinado
  out=BR_TO_Combinado.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Conceição do Tocantins
  out=BR_TO_Conceição do Tocantins.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Couto de Magalhães
  out=BR_TO_Couto de Magalhães.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Cristalândia
  out=BR_TO_Cristalândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Crixás do Tocantins
  out=BR_TO_Crixás do Tocantins.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Darcinópolis
  out=BR_TO_Darcinópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Dianópolis
  out=BR_TO_Dianópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Divinópolis do Tocantins
  out=BR_TO_Divinópolis do Tocantins.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Dois Irmãos do Tocantins
  out=BR_TO_Dois Irmãos do Tocantins.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Dueré
  out=BR_TO_Dueré.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Esperantina
  out=BR_TO_Esperantina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Figueirópolis
  out=BR_TO_Figueirópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Filadelfia
  out=BR_TO_Filadelfia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Formoso do Araguaia
  out=BR_TO_Formoso do Araguaia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Fortaleza do Tabocão
  out=BR_TO_Fortaleza do Tabocão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Fátima
  out=BR_TO_Fátima.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Goianorte
  out=BR_TO_Goianorte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Goiatins
  out=BR_TO_Goiatins.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Guaraí
  out=BR_TO_Guaraí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Gurupi
  out=BR_TO_Gurupi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Ipueiras
  out=BR_TO_Ipueiras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Itacajá
  out=BR_TO_Itacajá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Itaguatins
  out=BR_TO_Itaguatins.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Itapiratins
  out=BR_TO_Itapiratins.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Itaporã do Tocantins
  out=BR_TO_Itaporã do Tocantins.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Jaú do Tocantins
  out=BR_TO_Jaú do Tocantins.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Juarina
  out=BR_TO_Juarina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Lagoa da Confusão
  out=BR_TO_Lagoa da Confusão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Lagoa do Tocantins
  out=BR_TO_Lagoa do Tocantins.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Lajeado
  out=BR_TO_Lajeado.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Lavandeira
  out=BR_TO_Lavandeira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Lizarda
  out=BR_TO_Lizarda.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Luzinópolis
  out=BR_TO_Luzinópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Marianópolis do Tocantins
  out=BR_TO_Marianópolis do Tocantins.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Mateiros
  out=BR_TO_Mateiros.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Maurilândia do Tocantins
  out=BR_TO_Maurilândia do Tocantins.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Miracema do Tocantins
  out=BR_TO_Miracema do Tocantins.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Miranorte
  out=BR_TO_Miranorte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Monte Santo do Tocantins
  out=BR_TO_Monte Santo do Tocantins.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Monte do Carmo
  out=BR_TO_Monte do Carmo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Muricilândia
  out=BR_TO_Muricilândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Natividade
  out=BR_TO_Natividade.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Nazaré
  out=BR_TO_Nazaré.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Nova Olinda
  out=BR_TO_Nova Olinda.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Nova Rosalândia
  out=BR_TO_Nova Rosalândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Novo Acordo
  out=BR_TO_Novo Acordo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Novo Alegre
  out=BR_TO_Novo Alegre.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Novo Jardim
  out=BR_TO_Novo Jardim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Oliveira de Fátima
  out=BR_TO_Oliveira de Fátima.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Palmas
  out=BR_TO_Palmas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Palmeirante
  out=BR_TO_Palmeirante.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Palmeiras do Tocantins
  out=BR_TO_Palmeiras do Tocantins.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Palmeirópolis
  out=BR_TO_Palmeirópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Paraná
  out=BR_TO_Paraná.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Paraíso do Tocantins
  out=BR_TO_Paraíso do Tocantins.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Pau D'Arco
  out=BR_TO_Pau D'Arco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Pedro Afonso
  out=BR_TO_Pedro Afonso.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Peixe
  out=BR_TO_Peixe.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Pequizeiro
  out=BR_TO_Pequizeiro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Pindorama do Tocantins
  out=BR_TO_Pindorama do Tocantins.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Piraquê
  out=BR_TO_Piraquê.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Pium
  out=BR_TO_Pium.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Ponte Alta do Bom Jesus
  out=BR_TO_Ponte Alta do Bom Jesus.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Ponte Alta do Tocantins
  out=BR_TO_Ponte Alta do Tocantins.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Porto Alegre do Tocantins
  out=BR_TO_Porto Alegre do Tocantins.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Porto Nacional
  out=BR_TO_Porto Nacional.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Praia Norte
  out=BR_TO_Praia Norte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Presidente Kennedy
  out=BR_TO_Presidente Kennedy.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Pugmil
  out=BR_TO_Pugmil.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Recursolândia
  out=BR_TO_Recursolândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Riachinho
  out=BR_TO_Riachinho.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Rio Sono
  out=BR_TO_Rio Sono.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Rio da Conceição
  out=BR_TO_Rio da Conceição.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Rio dos Bois
  out=BR_TO_Rio dos Bois.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Sampaio
  out=BR_TO_Sampaio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Sandolândia
  out=BR_TO_Sandolândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Santa Fé do Araguaia
  out=BR_TO_Santa Fé do Araguaia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Santa Maria do Tocantins
  out=BR_TO_Santa Maria do Tocantins.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Santa Rita do Tocantins
  out=BR_TO_Santa Rita do Tocantins.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Santa Rosa do Tocantins
  out=BR_TO_Santa Rosa do Tocantins.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Santa Tereza do Tocantins
  out=BR_TO_Santa Tereza do Tocantins.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Santa Terezinha do Tocantins
  out=BR_TO_Santa Terezinha do Tocantins.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Silvanópolis
  out=BR_TO_Silvanópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Sucupira
  out=BR_TO_Sucupira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/São Bento do Tocantins
  out=BR_TO_São Bento do Tocantins.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/São Félix do Tocantins
  out=BR_TO_São Félix do Tocantins.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/São Miguel do Tocantins
  out=BR_TO_São Miguel do Tocantins.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/São Salvador do Tocantins
  out=BR_TO_São Salvador do Tocantins.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/São Sebastião do Tocantins
  out=BR_TO_São Sebastião do Tocantins.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/São Valério da Natividade
  out=BR_TO_São Valério da Natividade.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Sítio Novo do Tocantins
  out=BR_TO_Sítio Novo do Tocantins.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Taguatinga
  out=BR_TO_Taguatinga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Taipas do Tocantins
  out=BR_TO_Taipas do Tocantins.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Talisma
  out=BR_TO_Talisma.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Tocantinópolis
  out=BR_TO_Tocantinópolis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Tocantínia
  out=BR_TO_Tocantínia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Tupirama
  out=BR_TO_Tupirama.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Tupiratins
  out=BR_TO_Tupiratins.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Wanderlândia
  out=BR_TO_Wanderlândia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BR/TO/Xambioá
  out=BR_TO_Xambioá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BS
  out=BS.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BS/Abaco
  out=BS_Abaco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BS/Acklins
  out=BS_Acklins.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BS/Andros
  out=BS_Andros.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BS/Berry Islands
  out=BS_Berry Islands.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BS/Bimini
  out=BS_Bimini.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BS/Cat Island
  out=BS_Cat Island.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BS/Crooked Island
  out=BS_Crooked Island.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BS/Eleuthera
  out=BS_Eleuthera.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BS/Exuma
  out=BS_Exuma.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BS/Grand Bahama
  out=BS_Grand Bahama.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BS/Harbour Island
  out=BS_Harbour Island.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BS/Inagua
  out=BS_Inagua.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BS/Long Island
  out=BS_Long Island.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BS/Mayaguana
  out=BS_Mayaguana.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BS/N.P.
  out=BS_N.P..json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BS/Ragged Island
  out=BS_Ragged Island.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BS/Rum Cay
  out=BS_Rum Cay.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BS/San Salvador
  out=BS_San Salvador.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BS/Spanish Wells
  out=BS_Spanish Wells.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BT
  out=BT.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BV
  out=BV.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BW
  out=BW.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BY
  out=BY.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/BZ
  out=BZ.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CA
  out=CA.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CA--fr
  out=CA--fr.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CA/AB
  out=CA_AB.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CA/AB--fr
  out=CA_AB--fr.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CA/BC
  out=CA_BC.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CA/BC--fr
  out=CA_BC--fr.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CA/MB
  out=CA_MB.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CA/MB--fr
  out=CA_MB--fr.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CA/NB
  out=CA_NB.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CA/NB--fr
  out=CA_NB--fr.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CA/NL
  out=CA_NL.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CA/NL--fr
  out=CA_NL--fr.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CA/NS
  out=CA_NS.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CA/NS--fr
  out=CA_NS--fr.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CA/NT
  out=CA_NT.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CA/NT--fr
  out=CA_NT--fr.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CA/NU
  out=CA_NU.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CA/NU--fr
  out=CA_NU--fr.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CA/ON
  out=CA_ON.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CA/ON--fr
  out=CA_ON--fr.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CA/PE
  out=CA_PE.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CA/PE--fr
  out=CA_PE--fr.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CA/QC
  out=CA_QC.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CA/QC--fr
  out=CA_QC--fr.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CA/SK
  out=CA_SK.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CA/SK--fr
  out=CA_SK--fr.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CA/YT
  out=CA_YT.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CA/YT--fr
  out=CA_YT--fr.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CC
  out=CC.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CD
  out=CD.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CF
  out=CF.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CG
  out=CG.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CH
  out=CH.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CI
  out=CI.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CK
  out=CK.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL
  out=CL.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Antofagasta
  out=CL_Antofagasta.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Antofagasta/Antofagasta
  out=CL_Antofagasta_Antofagasta.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Antofagasta/Calama
  out=CL_Antofagasta_Calama.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Antofagasta/María Elena
  out=CL_Antofagasta_María Elena.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Antofagasta/Mejillones
  out=CL_Antofagasta_Mejillones.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Antofagasta/Ollagüe
  out=CL_Antofagasta_Ollagüe.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Antofagasta/San Pedro de Atacama
  out=CL_Antofagasta_San Pedro de Atacama.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Antofagasta/Sierra Gorda
  out=CL_Antofagasta_Sierra Gorda.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Antofagasta/Taltal
  out=CL_Antofagasta_Taltal.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Antofagasta/Tocopilla
  out=CL_Antofagasta_Tocopilla.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Araucanía
  out=CL_Araucanía.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Araucanía/Angol
  out=CL_Araucanía_Angol.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Araucanía/Carahue
  out=CL_Araucanía_Carahue.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Araucanía/Cholchol
  out=CL_Araucanía_Cholchol.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Araucanía/Collipulli
  out=CL_Araucanía_Collipulli.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Araucanía/Cunco
  out=CL_Araucanía_Cunco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Araucanía/Curacautín
  out=CL_Araucanía_Curacautín.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Araucanía/Curarrehue
  out=CL_Araucanía_Curarrehue.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Araucanía/Ercilla
  out=CL_Araucanía_Ercilla.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Araucanía/Freire
  out=CL_Araucanía_Freire.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Araucanía/Galvarino
  out=CL_Araucanía_Galvarino.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Araucanía/Gorbea
  out=CL_Araucanía_Gorbea.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Araucanía/Lautaro
  out=CL_Araucanía_Lautaro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Araucanía/Loncoche
  out=CL_Araucanía_Loncoche.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Araucanía/Lonquimay
  out=CL_Araucanía_Lonquimay.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Araucanía/Los Sauces
  out=CL_Araucanía_Los Sauces.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Araucanía/Lumaco
  out=CL_Araucanía_Lumaco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Araucanía/Melipeuco
  out=CL_Araucanía_Melipeuco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Araucanía/Nueva Imperial
  out=CL_Araucanía_Nueva Imperial.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Araucanía/Padre Las Casas
  out=CL_Araucanía_Padre Las Casas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Araucanía/Perquenco
  out=CL_Araucanía_Perquenco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Araucanía/Pitrufquén
  out=CL_Araucanía_Pitrufquén.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Araucanía/Pucón
  out=CL_Araucanía_Pucón.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Araucanía/Purén
  out=CL_Araucanía_Purén.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Araucanía/Renaico
  out=CL_Araucanía_Renaico.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Araucanía/Saavedra
  out=CL_Araucanía_Saavedra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Araucanía/Temuco
  out=CL_Araucanía_Temuco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Araucanía/Teodoro Schmidt
  out=CL_Araucanía_Teodoro Schmidt.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Araucanía/Toltén
  out=CL_Araucanía_Toltén.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Araucanía/Traiguén
  out=CL_Araucanía_Traiguén.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Araucanía/Victoria
  out=CL_Araucanía_Victoria.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Araucanía/Vilcún
  out=CL_Araucanía_Vilcún.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Araucanía/Villarrica
  out=CL_Araucanía_Villarrica.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Arica y Parinacota
  out=CL_Arica y Parinacota.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Arica y Parinacota/Arica
  out=CL_Arica y Parinacota_Arica.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Arica y Parinacota/Camarones
  out=CL_Arica y Parinacota_Camarones.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Arica y Parinacota/General Lagos
  out=CL_Arica y Parinacota_General Lagos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Arica y Parinacota/Putre
  out=CL_Arica y Parinacota_Putre.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Atacama
  out=CL_Atacama.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Atacama/Alto del Carmen
  out=CL_Atacama_Alto del Carmen.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Atacama/Caldera
  out=CL_Atacama_Caldera.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Atacama/Chañaral
  out=CL_Atacama_Chañaral.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Atacama/Copiapó
  out=CL_Atacama_Copiapó.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Atacama/Diego de Almagro
  out=CL_Atacama_Diego de Almagro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Atacama/Freirina
  out=CL_Atacama_Freirina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Atacama/Huasco
  out=CL_Atacama_Huasco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Atacama/Tierra Amarilla
  out=CL_Atacama_Tierra Amarilla.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Atacama/Vallenar
  out=CL_Atacama_Vallenar.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Aysén
  out=CL_Aysén.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Aysén/Aysén
  out=CL_Aysén_Aysén.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Aysén/Chile Chico
  out=CL_Aysén_Chile Chico.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Aysén/Cisnes
  out=CL_Aysén_Cisnes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Aysén/Cochrane
  out=CL_Aysén_Cochrane.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Aysén/Coyhaique
  out=CL_Aysén_Coyhaique.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Aysén/Guaitecas
  out=CL_Aysén_Guaitecas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Aysén/Lago Verde
  out=CL_Aysén_Lago Verde.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Aysén/O'Higgins
  out=CL_Aysén_O'Higgins.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Aysén/Río Ibáñez
  out=CL_Aysén_Río Ibáñez.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Aysén/Tortel
  out=CL_Aysén_Tortel.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Biobío
  out=CL_Biobío.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Biobío/Alto Biobío
  out=CL_Biobío_Alto Biobío.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Biobío/Antuco
  out=CL_Biobío_Antuco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Biobío/Arauco
  out=CL_Biobío_Arauco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Biobío/Bulnes
  out=CL_Biobío_Bulnes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Biobío/Cabrero
  out=CL_Biobío_Cabrero.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Biobío/Cañete
  out=CL_Biobío_Cañete.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Biobío/Chiguayante
  out=CL_Biobío_Chiguayante.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Biobío/Chillán
  out=CL_Biobío_Chillán.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Biobío/Chillán Viejo
  out=CL_Biobío_Chillán Viejo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Biobío/Cobquecura
  out=CL_Biobío_Cobquecura.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Biobío/Coelemu
  out=CL_Biobío_Coelemu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Biobío/Coihueco
  out=CL_Biobío_Coihueco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Biobío/Concepción
  out=CL_Biobío_Concepción.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Biobío/Contulmo
  out=CL_Biobío_Contulmo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Biobío/Coronel
  out=CL_Biobío_Coronel.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Biobío/Curanilahue
  out=CL_Biobío_Curanilahue.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Biobío/El Carmen
  out=CL_Biobío_El Carmen.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Biobío/Florida
  out=CL_Biobío_Florida.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Biobío/Hualpén
  out=CL_Biobío_Hualpén.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Biobío/Hualqui
  out=CL_Biobío_Hualqui.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Biobío/Laja
  out=CL_Biobío_Laja.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Biobío/Lebu
  out=CL_Biobío_Lebu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Biobío/Los Álamos
  out=CL_Biobío_Los Álamos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Biobío/Los Ángeles
  out=CL_Biobío_Los Ángeles.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Biobío/Lota
  out=CL_Biobío_Lota.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Biobío/Mulchén
  out=CL_Biobío_Mulchén.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Biobío/Nacimiento
  out=CL_Biobío_Nacimiento.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Biobío/Negrete
  out=CL_Biobío_Negrete.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Biobío/Ninhue
  out=CL_Biobío_Ninhue.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Biobío/Pemuco
  out=CL_Biobío_Pemuco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Biobío/Penco
  out=CL_Biobío_Penco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Biobío/Pinto
  out=CL_Biobío_Pinto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Biobío/Portezuelo
  out=CL_Biobío_Portezuelo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Biobío/Quilaco
  out=CL_Biobío_Quilaco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Biobío/Quilleco
  out=CL_Biobío_Quilleco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Biobío/Quillón
  out=CL_Biobío_Quillón.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Biobío/Quirihue
  out=CL_Biobío_Quirihue.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Biobío/Ránquil
  out=CL_Biobío_Ránquil.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Biobío/San Carlos
  out=CL_Biobío_San Carlos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Biobío/San Fabián
  out=CL_Biobío_San Fabián.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Biobío/San Ignacio
  out=CL_Biobío_San Ignacio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Biobío/San Nicolás
  out=CL_Biobío_San Nicolás.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Biobío/San Pedro de la Paz
  out=CL_Biobío_San Pedro de la Paz.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Biobío/San Rosendo
  out=CL_Biobío_San Rosendo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Biobío/Santa Bárbara
  out=CL_Biobío_Santa Bárbara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Biobío/Santa Juana
  out=CL_Biobío_Santa Juana.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Biobío/Talcahuano
  out=CL_Biobío_Talcahuano.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Biobío/Tirúa
  out=CL_Biobío_Tirúa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Biobío/Tomé
  out=CL_Biobío_Tomé.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Biobío/Treguaco
  out=CL_Biobío_Treguaco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Biobío/Tucapel
  out=CL_Biobío_Tucapel.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Biobío/Yumbel
  out=CL_Biobío_Yumbel.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Biobío/Yungay
  out=CL_Biobío_Yungay.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Biobío/Ñiquén
  out=CL_Biobío_Ñiquén.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Coquimbo
  out=CL_Coquimbo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Coquimbo/Andacollo
  out=CL_Coquimbo_Andacollo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Coquimbo/Canela
  out=CL_Coquimbo_Canela.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Coquimbo/Combarbalá
  out=CL_Coquimbo_Combarbalá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Coquimbo/Coquimbo
  out=CL_Coquimbo_Coquimbo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Coquimbo/Illapel
  out=CL_Coquimbo_Illapel.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Coquimbo/La Higuera
  out=CL_Coquimbo_La Higuera.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Coquimbo/La Serena
  out=CL_Coquimbo_La Serena.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Coquimbo/Los Vilos
  out=CL_Coquimbo_Los Vilos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Coquimbo/Monte Patria
  out=CL_Coquimbo_Monte Patria.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Coquimbo/Ovalle
  out=CL_Coquimbo_Ovalle.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Coquimbo/Paihuano
  out=CL_Coquimbo_Paihuano.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Coquimbo/Punitaqui
  out=CL_Coquimbo_Punitaqui.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Coquimbo/Río Hurtado
  out=CL_Coquimbo_Río Hurtado.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Coquimbo/Salamanca
  out=CL_Coquimbo_Salamanca.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Coquimbo/Vicuña
  out=CL_Coquimbo_Vicuña.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Los Lagos
  out=CL_Los Lagos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Los Lagos/Ancud
  out=CL_Los Lagos_Ancud.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Los Lagos/Calbuco
  out=CL_Los Lagos_Calbuco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Los Lagos/Castro
  out=CL_Los Lagos_Castro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Los Lagos/Chaitén
  out=CL_Los Lagos_Chaitén.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Los Lagos/Chonchi
  out=CL_Los Lagos_Chonchi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Los Lagos/Cochamó
  out=CL_Los Lagos_Cochamó.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Los Lagos/Curaco de Vélez
  out=CL_Los Lagos_Curaco de Vélez.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Los Lagos/Dalcahue
  out=CL_Los Lagos_Dalcahue.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Los Lagos/Fresia
  out=CL_Los Lagos_Fresia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Los Lagos/Frutillar
  out=CL_Los Lagos_Frutillar.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Los Lagos/Futaleufú
  out=CL_Los Lagos_Futaleufú.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Los Lagos/Hualaihué
  out=CL_Los Lagos_Hualaihué.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Los Lagos/Llanquihue
  out=CL_Los Lagos_Llanquihue.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Los Lagos/Los Muermos
  out=CL_Los Lagos_Los Muermos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Los Lagos/Maullín
  out=CL_Los Lagos_Maullín.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Los Lagos/Osorno
  out=CL_Los Lagos_Osorno.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Los Lagos/Palena
  out=CL_Los Lagos_Palena.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Los Lagos/Puerto Montt
  out=CL_Los Lagos_Puerto Montt.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Los Lagos/Puerto Octay
  out=CL_Los Lagos_Puerto Octay.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Los Lagos/Puerto Varas
  out=CL_Los Lagos_Puerto Varas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Los Lagos/Puqueldón
  out=CL_Los Lagos_Puqueldón.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Los Lagos/Purranque
  out=CL_Los Lagos_Purranque.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Los Lagos/Puyehue
  out=CL_Los Lagos_Puyehue.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Los Lagos/Queilén
  out=CL_Los Lagos_Queilén.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Los Lagos/Quellón
  out=CL_Los Lagos_Quellón.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Los Lagos/Quemchi
  out=CL_Los Lagos_Quemchi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Los Lagos/Quinchao
  out=CL_Los Lagos_Quinchao.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Los Lagos/Río Negro
  out=CL_Los Lagos_Río Negro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Los Lagos/San Juan de la Costa
  out=CL_Los Lagos_San Juan de la Costa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Los Lagos/San Pablo
  out=CL_Los Lagos_San Pablo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Los Ríos
  out=CL_Los Ríos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Los Ríos/Corral
  out=CL_Los Ríos_Corral.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Los Ríos/Futrono
  out=CL_Los Ríos_Futrono.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Los Ríos/La Unión
  out=CL_Los Ríos_La Unión.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Los Ríos/Lago Ranco
  out=CL_Los Ríos_Lago Ranco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Los Ríos/Lanco
  out=CL_Los Ríos_Lanco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Los Ríos/Los Lagos
  out=CL_Los Ríos_Los Lagos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Los Ríos/Mariquina
  out=CL_Los Ríos_Mariquina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Los Ríos/Máfil
  out=CL_Los Ríos_Máfil.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Los Ríos/Paillaco
  out=CL_Los Ríos_Paillaco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Los Ríos/Panguipulli
  out=CL_Los Ríos_Panguipulli.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Los Ríos/Río Bueno
  out=CL_Los Ríos_Río Bueno.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Los Ríos/Valdivia
  out=CL_Los Ríos_Valdivia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Magallanes
  out=CL_Magallanes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Magallanes/Antártica
  out=CL_Magallanes_Antártica.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Magallanes/Cabo de Hornos
  out=CL_Magallanes_Cabo de Hornos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Magallanes/Laguna Blanca
  out=CL_Magallanes_Laguna Blanca.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Magallanes/Natales
  out=CL_Magallanes_Natales.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Magallanes/Porvenir
  out=CL_Magallanes_Porvenir.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Magallanes/Primavera
  out=CL_Magallanes_Primavera.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Magallanes/Punta Arenas
  out=CL_Magallanes_Punta Arenas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Magallanes/Río Verde
  out=CL_Magallanes_Río Verde.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Magallanes/San Gregorio
  out=CL_Magallanes_San Gregorio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Magallanes/Timaukel
  out=CL_Magallanes_Timaukel.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Magallanes/Torres del Paine
  out=CL_Magallanes_Torres del Paine.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Maule
  out=CL_Maule.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Maule/Cauquenes
  out=CL_Maule_Cauquenes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Maule/Chanco
  out=CL_Maule_Chanco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Maule/Colbún
  out=CL_Maule_Colbún.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Maule/Constitución
  out=CL_Maule_Constitución.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Maule/Curepto
  out=CL_Maule_Curepto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Maule/Curicó
  out=CL_Maule_Curicó.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Maule/Empedrado
  out=CL_Maule_Empedrado.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Maule/Hualañé
  out=CL_Maule_Hualañé.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Maule/Licantén
  out=CL_Maule_Licantén.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Maule/Linares
  out=CL_Maule_Linares.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Maule/Longaví
  out=CL_Maule_Longaví.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Maule/Maule
  out=CL_Maule_Maule.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Maule/Molina
  out=CL_Maule_Molina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Maule/Parral
  out=CL_Maule_Parral.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Maule/Pelarco
  out=CL_Maule_Pelarco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Maule/Pelluhue
  out=CL_Maule_Pelluhue.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Maule/Pencahue
  out=CL_Maule_Pencahue.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Maule/Rauco
  out=CL_Maule_Rauco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Maule/Retiro
  out=CL_Maule_Retiro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Maule/Romeral
  out=CL_Maule_Romeral.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Maule/Río Claro
  out=CL_Maule_Río Claro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Maule/Sagrada Familia
  out=CL_Maule_Sagrada Familia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Maule/San Clemente
  out=CL_Maule_San Clemente.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Maule/San Javier de Loncomilla
  out=CL_Maule_San Javier de Loncomilla.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Maule/San Rafael
  out=CL_Maule_San Rafael.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Maule/Talca
  out=CL_Maule_Talca.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Maule/Teno
  out=CL_Maule_Teno.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Maule/Vichuquén
  out=CL_Maule_Vichuquén.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Maule/Villa Alegre
  out=CL_Maule_Villa Alegre.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Maule/Yerbas Buenas
  out=CL_Maule_Yerbas Buenas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/O'Higgins
  out=CL_O'Higgins.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/O'Higgins/Chimbarongo
  out=CL_O'Higgins_Chimbarongo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/O'Higgins/Chépica
  out=CL_O'Higgins_Chépica.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/O'Higgins/Codegua
  out=CL_O'Higgins_Codegua.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/O'Higgins/Coltauco
  out=CL_O'Higgins_Coltauco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/O'Higgins/Coínco
  out=CL_O'Higgins_Coínco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/O'Higgins/Doñihue
  out=CL_O'Higgins_Doñihue.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/O'Higgins/Graneros
  out=CL_O'Higgins_Graneros.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/O'Higgins/La Estrella
  out=CL_O'Higgins_La Estrella.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/O'Higgins/Las Cabras
  out=CL_O'Higgins_Las Cabras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/O'Higgins/Litueche
  out=CL_O'Higgins_Litueche.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/O'Higgins/Lolol
  out=CL_O'Higgins_Lolol.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/O'Higgins/Machalí
  out=CL_O'Higgins_Machalí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/O'Higgins/Malloa
  out=CL_O'Higgins_Malloa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/O'Higgins/Marchigüe
  out=CL_O'Higgins_Marchigüe.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/O'Higgins/Nancagua
  out=CL_O'Higgins_Nancagua.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/O'Higgins/Navidad
  out=CL_O'Higgins_Navidad.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/O'Higgins/Olivar
  out=CL_O'Higgins_Olivar.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/O'Higgins/Palmilla
  out=CL_O'Higgins_Palmilla.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/O'Higgins/Paredones
  out=CL_O'Higgins_Paredones.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/O'Higgins/Peralillo
  out=CL_O'Higgins_Peralillo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/O'Higgins/Peumo
  out=CL_O'Higgins_Peumo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/O'Higgins/Pichidegua
  out=CL_O'Higgins_Pichidegua.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/O'Higgins/Pichilemu
  out=CL_O'Higgins_Pichilemu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/O'Higgins/Placilla
  out=CL_O'Higgins_Placilla.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/O'Higgins/Pumanque
  out=CL_O'Higgins_Pumanque.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/O'Higgins/Quinta de Tilcoco
  out=CL_O'Higgins_Quinta de Tilcoco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/O'Higgins/Rancagua
  out=CL_O'Higgins_Rancagua.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/O'Higgins/Rengo
  out=CL_O'Higgins_Rengo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/O'Higgins/Requínoa
  out=CL_O'Higgins_Requínoa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/O'Higgins/San Fernando
  out=CL_O'Higgins_San Fernando.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/O'Higgins/San Francisco de Mostazal
  out=CL_O'Higgins_San Francisco de Mostazal.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/O'Higgins/San Vicente de Tagua Tagua
  out=CL_O'Higgins_San Vicente de Tagua Tagua.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/O'Higgins/Santa Cruz
  out=CL_O'Higgins_Santa Cruz.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Región Metropolitana
  out=CL_Región Metropolitana.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Región Metropolitana/Alhué
  out=CL_Región Metropolitana_Alhué.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Región Metropolitana/Buin
  out=CL_Región Metropolitana_Buin.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Región Metropolitana/Calera de Tango
  out=CL_Región Metropolitana_Calera de Tango.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Región Metropolitana/Cerrillos
  out=CL_Región Metropolitana_Cerrillos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Región Metropolitana/Cerro Navia
  out=CL_Región Metropolitana_Cerro Navia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Región Metropolitana/Colina
  out=CL_Región Metropolitana_Colina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Región Metropolitana/Conchalí
  out=CL_Región Metropolitana_Conchalí.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Región Metropolitana/Curacaví
  out=CL_Región Metropolitana_Curacaví.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Región Metropolitana/El Bosque
  out=CL_Región Metropolitana_El Bosque.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Región Metropolitana/El Monte
  out=CL_Región Metropolitana_El Monte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Región Metropolitana/Estación Central
  out=CL_Región Metropolitana_Estación Central.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Región Metropolitana/Huechuraba
  out=CL_Región Metropolitana_Huechuraba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Región Metropolitana/Independencia
  out=CL_Región Metropolitana_Independencia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Región Metropolitana/Isla de Maipo
  out=CL_Región Metropolitana_Isla de Maipo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Región Metropolitana/La Cisterna
  out=CL_Región Metropolitana_La Cisterna.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Región Metropolitana/La Florida
  out=CL_Región Metropolitana_La Florida.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Región Metropolitana/La Granja
  out=CL_Región Metropolitana_La Granja.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Región Metropolitana/La Pintana
  out=CL_Región Metropolitana_La Pintana.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Región Metropolitana/La Reina
  out=CL_Región Metropolitana_La Reina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Región Metropolitana/Lampa
  out=CL_Región Metropolitana_Lampa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Región Metropolitana/Las Condes
  out=CL_Región Metropolitana_Las Condes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Región Metropolitana/Lo Barnechea
  out=CL_Región Metropolitana_Lo Barnechea.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Región Metropolitana/Lo Espejo
  out=CL_Región Metropolitana_Lo Espejo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Región Metropolitana/Lo Prado
  out=CL_Región Metropolitana_Lo Prado.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Región Metropolitana/Macul
  out=CL_Región Metropolitana_Macul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Región Metropolitana/Maipú
  out=CL_Región Metropolitana_Maipú.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Región Metropolitana/María Pinto
  out=CL_Región Metropolitana_María Pinto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Región Metropolitana/Melipilla
  out=CL_Región Metropolitana_Melipilla.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Región Metropolitana/Padre Hurtado
  out=CL_Región Metropolitana_Padre Hurtado.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Región Metropolitana/Paine
  out=CL_Región Metropolitana_Paine.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Región Metropolitana/Pedro Aguirre Cerda
  out=CL_Región Metropolitana_Pedro Aguirre Cerda.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Región Metropolitana/Peñaflor
  out=CL_Región Metropolitana_Peñaflor.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Región Metropolitana/Peñalolén
  out=CL_Región Metropolitana_Peñalolén.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Región Metropolitana/Pirque
  out=CL_Región Metropolitana_Pirque.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Región Metropolitana/Providencia
  out=CL_Región Metropolitana_Providencia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Región Metropolitana/Pudahuel
  out=CL_Región Metropolitana_Pudahuel.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Región Metropolitana/Puente Alto
  out=CL_Región Metropolitana_Puente Alto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Región Metropolitana/Quilicura
  out=CL_Región Metropolitana_Quilicura.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Región Metropolitana/Quinta Normal
  out=CL_Región Metropolitana_Quinta Normal.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Región Metropolitana/Recoleta
  out=CL_Región Metropolitana_Recoleta.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Región Metropolitana/Renca
  out=CL_Región Metropolitana_Renca.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Región Metropolitana/San Bernardo
  out=CL_Región Metropolitana_San Bernardo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Región Metropolitana/San Joaquín
  out=CL_Región Metropolitana_San Joaquín.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Región Metropolitana/San José de Maipo
  out=CL_Región Metropolitana_San José de Maipo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Región Metropolitana/San Miguel
  out=CL_Región Metropolitana_San Miguel.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Región Metropolitana/San Pedro
  out=CL_Región Metropolitana_San Pedro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Región Metropolitana/San Ramón
  out=CL_Región Metropolitana_San Ramón.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Región Metropolitana/Santiago
  out=CL_Región Metropolitana_Santiago.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Región Metropolitana/Talagante
  out=CL_Región Metropolitana_Talagante.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Región Metropolitana/Tiltil
  out=CL_Región Metropolitana_Tiltil.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Región Metropolitana/Vitacura
  out=CL_Región Metropolitana_Vitacura.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Región Metropolitana/Ñuñoa
  out=CL_Región Metropolitana_Ñuñoa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Tarapacá
  out=CL_Tarapacá.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Tarapacá/Alto Hospicio
  out=CL_Tarapacá_Alto Hospicio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Tarapacá/Camiña
  out=CL_Tarapacá_Camiña.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Tarapacá/Colchane
  out=CL_Tarapacá_Colchane.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Tarapacá/Huara
  out=CL_Tarapacá_Huara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Tarapacá/Iquique
  out=CL_Tarapacá_Iquique.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Tarapacá/Pica
  out=CL_Tarapacá_Pica.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Tarapacá/Pozo Almonte
  out=CL_Tarapacá_Pozo Almonte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Valparaíso
  out=CL_Valparaíso.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Valparaíso/Algarrobo
  out=CL_Valparaíso_Algarrobo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Valparaíso/Cabildo
  out=CL_Valparaíso_Cabildo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Valparaíso/Calle Larga
  out=CL_Valparaíso_Calle Larga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Valparaíso/Cartagena
  out=CL_Valparaíso_Cartagena.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Valparaíso/Casablanca
  out=CL_Valparaíso_Casablanca.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Valparaíso/Catemu
  out=CL_Valparaíso_Catemu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Valparaíso/Concón
  out=CL_Valparaíso_Concón.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Valparaíso/El Quisco
  out=CL_Valparaíso_El Quisco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Valparaíso/El Tabo
  out=CL_Valparaíso_El Tabo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Valparaíso/Hijuelas
  out=CL_Valparaíso_Hijuelas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Valparaíso/Isla de Pascua
  out=CL_Valparaíso_Isla de Pascua.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Valparaíso/Juan Fernández
  out=CL_Valparaíso_Juan Fernández.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Valparaíso/La Calera
  out=CL_Valparaíso_La Calera.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Valparaíso/La Cruz
  out=CL_Valparaíso_La Cruz.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Valparaíso/La Ligua
  out=CL_Valparaíso_La Ligua.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Valparaíso/Limache
  out=CL_Valparaíso_Limache.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Valparaíso/Llaillay
  out=CL_Valparaíso_Llaillay.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Valparaíso/Los Andes
  out=CL_Valparaíso_Los Andes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Valparaíso/Nogales
  out=CL_Valparaíso_Nogales.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Valparaíso/Olmué
  out=CL_Valparaíso_Olmué.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Valparaíso/Panquehue
  out=CL_Valparaíso_Panquehue.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Valparaíso/Papudo
  out=CL_Valparaíso_Papudo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Valparaíso/Petorca
  out=CL_Valparaíso_Petorca.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Valparaíso/Puchuncaví
  out=CL_Valparaíso_Puchuncaví.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Valparaíso/Putaendo
  out=CL_Valparaíso_Putaendo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Valparaíso/Quillota
  out=CL_Valparaíso_Quillota.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Valparaíso/Quilpué
  out=CL_Valparaíso_Quilpué.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Valparaíso/Quintero
  out=CL_Valparaíso_Quintero.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Valparaíso/Rinconada
  out=CL_Valparaíso_Rinconada.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Valparaíso/San Antonio
  out=CL_Valparaíso_San Antonio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Valparaíso/San Esteban
  out=CL_Valparaíso_San Esteban.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Valparaíso/San Felipe
  out=CL_Valparaíso_San Felipe.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Valparaíso/Santa María
  out=CL_Valparaíso_Santa María.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Valparaíso/Santo Domingo
  out=CL_Valparaíso_Santo Domingo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Valparaíso/Valparaíso
  out=CL_Valparaíso_Valparaíso.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Valparaíso/Villa Alemana
  out=CL_Valparaíso_Villa Alemana.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Valparaíso/Viña del Mar
  out=CL_Valparaíso_Viña del Mar.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CL/Valparaíso/Zapallar
  out=CL_Valparaíso_Zapallar.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CM
  out=CM.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN
  out=CN.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/上海市
  out=CN_上海市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/上海市/嘉定区
  out=CN_上海市_嘉定区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/上海市/奉贤区
  out=CN_上海市_奉贤区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/上海市/宝山区
  out=CN_上海市_宝山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/上海市/崇明县
  out=CN_上海市_崇明县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/上海市/徐汇区
  out=CN_上海市_徐汇区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/上海市/普陀区
  out=CN_上海市_普陀区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/上海市/杨浦区
  out=CN_上海市_杨浦区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/上海市/松江区
  out=CN_上海市_松江区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/上海市/浦东新区
  out=CN_上海市_浦东新区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/上海市/虹口区
  out=CN_上海市_虹口区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/上海市/金山区
  out=CN_上海市_金山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/上海市/长宁区
  out=CN_上海市_长宁区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/上海市/闵行区
  out=CN_上海市_闵行区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/上海市/闸北区
  out=CN_上海市_闸北区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/上海市/青浦区
  out=CN_上海市_青浦区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/上海市/静安区
  out=CN_上海市_静安区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/上海市/黄浦区
  out=CN_上海市_黄浦区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省
  out=CN_云南省.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/临沧市
  out=CN_云南省_临沧市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/临沧市/临翔区
  out=CN_云南省_临沧市_临翔区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/临沧市/云县
  out=CN_云南省_临沧市_云县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/临沧市/凤庆县
  out=CN_云南省_临沧市_凤庆县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/临沧市/双江拉祜族佤族布朗族傣族自治县
  out=CN_云南省_临沧市_双江拉祜族佤族布朗族傣族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/临沧市/永德县
  out=CN_云南省_临沧市_永德县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/临沧市/沧源佤族自治县
  out=CN_云南省_临沧市_沧源佤族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/临沧市/耿马傣族佤族自治县
  out=CN_云南省_临沧市_耿马傣族佤族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/临沧市/镇康县
  out=CN_云南省_临沧市_镇康县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/丽江市
  out=CN_云南省_丽江市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/丽江市/华坪县
  out=CN_云南省_丽江市_华坪县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/丽江市/古城区
  out=CN_云南省_丽江市_古城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/丽江市/宁蒗彝族自治县
  out=CN_云南省_丽江市_宁蒗彝族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/丽江市/永胜县
  out=CN_云南省_丽江市_永胜县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/丽江市/玉龙纳西族自治县
  out=CN_云南省_丽江市_玉龙纳西族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/保山市
  out=CN_云南省_保山市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/保山市/施甸县
  out=CN_云南省_保山市_施甸县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/保山市/昌宁县
  out=CN_云南省_保山市_昌宁县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/保山市/腾冲县
  out=CN_云南省_保山市_腾冲县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/保山市/隆阳区
  out=CN_云南省_保山市_隆阳区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/保山市/龙陵县
  out=CN_云南省_保山市_龙陵县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/大理白族自治州
  out=CN_云南省_大理白族自治州.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/大理白族自治州/云龙县
  out=CN_云南省_大理白族自治州_云龙县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/大理白族自治州/剑川县
  out=CN_云南省_大理白族自治州_剑川县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/大理白族自治州/南涧彝族自治县
  out=CN_云南省_大理白族自治州_南涧彝族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/大理白族自治州/大理市
  out=CN_云南省_大理白族自治州_大理市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/大理白族自治州/宾川县
  out=CN_云南省_大理白族自治州_宾川县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/大理白族自治州/巍山彝族回族自治县
  out=CN_云南省_大理白族自治州_巍山彝族回族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/大理白族自治州/弥渡县
  out=CN_云南省_大理白族自治州_弥渡县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/大理白族自治州/永平县
  out=CN_云南省_大理白族自治州_永平县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/大理白族自治州/洱源县
  out=CN_云南省_大理白族自治州_洱源县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/大理白族自治州/漾濞彝族自治县
  out=CN_云南省_大理白族自治州_漾濞彝族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/大理白族自治州/祥云县
  out=CN_云南省_大理白族自治州_祥云县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/大理白族自治州/鹤庆县
  out=CN_云南省_大理白族自治州_鹤庆县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/德宏傣族景颇族自治州
  out=CN_云南省_德宏傣族景颇族自治州.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/德宏傣族景颇族自治州/梁河县
  out=CN_云南省_德宏傣族景颇族自治州_梁河县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/德宏傣族景颇族自治州/潞西市
  out=CN_云南省_德宏傣族景颇族自治州_潞西市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/德宏傣族景颇族自治州/瑞丽市
  out=CN_云南省_德宏傣族景颇族自治州_瑞丽市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/德宏傣族景颇族自治州/盈江县
  out=CN_云南省_德宏傣族景颇族自治州_盈江县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/德宏傣族景颇族自治州/陇川县
  out=CN_云南省_德宏傣族景颇族自治州_陇川县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/怒江傈僳族自治州
  out=CN_云南省_怒江傈僳族自治州.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/怒江傈僳族自治州/兰坪白族普米族自治县
  out=CN_云南省_怒江傈僳族自治州_兰坪白族普米族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/怒江傈僳族自治州/泸水县
  out=CN_云南省_怒江傈僳族自治州_泸水县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/怒江傈僳族自治州/福贡县
  out=CN_云南省_怒江傈僳族自治州_福贡县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/怒江傈僳族自治州/贡山独龙族怒族自治县
  out=CN_云南省_怒江傈僳族自治州_贡山独龙族怒族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/文山壮族苗族自治州
  out=CN_云南省_文山壮族苗族自治州.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/文山壮族苗族自治州/丘北县
  out=CN_云南省_文山壮族苗族自治州_丘北县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/文山壮族苗族自治州/富宁县
  out=CN_云南省_文山壮族苗族自治州_富宁县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/文山壮族苗族自治州/广南县
  out=CN_云南省_文山壮族苗族自治州_广南县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/文山壮族苗族自治州/文山县
  out=CN_云南省_文山壮族苗族自治州_文山县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/文山壮族苗族自治州/砚山县
  out=CN_云南省_文山壮族苗族自治州_砚山县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/文山壮族苗族自治州/西畴县
  out=CN_云南省_文山壮族苗族自治州_西畴县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/文山壮族苗族自治州/马关县
  out=CN_云南省_文山壮族苗族自治州_马关县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/文山壮族苗族自治州/麻栗坡县
  out=CN_云南省_文山壮族苗族自治州_麻栗坡县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/昆明市
  out=CN_云南省_昆明市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/昆明市/东川区
  out=CN_云南省_昆明市_东川区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/昆明市/五华区
  out=CN_云南省_昆明市_五华区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/昆明市/呈贡区
  out=CN_云南省_昆明市_呈贡区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/昆明市/安宁市
  out=CN_云南省_昆明市_安宁市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/昆明市/官渡区
  out=CN_云南省_昆明市_官渡区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/昆明市/宜良县
  out=CN_云南省_昆明市_宜良县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/昆明市/富民县
  out=CN_云南省_昆明市_富民县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/昆明市/寻甸回族彝族自治县
  out=CN_云南省_昆明市_寻甸回族彝族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/昆明市/嵩明县
  out=CN_云南省_昆明市_嵩明县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/昆明市/晋宁县
  out=CN_云南省_昆明市_晋宁县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/昆明市/盘龙区
  out=CN_云南省_昆明市_盘龙区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/昆明市/石林彝族自治县
  out=CN_云南省_昆明市_石林彝族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/昆明市/禄劝彝族苗族自治县
  out=CN_云南省_昆明市_禄劝彝族苗族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/昆明市/西山区
  out=CN_云南省_昆明市_西山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/昭通市
  out=CN_云南省_昭通市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/昭通市/大关县
  out=CN_云南省_昭通市_大关县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/昭通市/威信县
  out=CN_云南省_昭通市_威信县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/昭通市/巧家县
  out=CN_云南省_昭通市_巧家县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/昭通市/彝良县
  out=CN_云南省_昭通市_彝良县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/昭通市/昭阳区
  out=CN_云南省_昭通市_昭阳区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/昭通市/水富县
  out=CN_云南省_昭通市_水富县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/昭通市/永善县
  out=CN_云南省_昭通市_永善县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/昭通市/盐津县
  out=CN_云南省_昭通市_盐津县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/昭通市/绥江县
  out=CN_云南省_昭通市_绥江县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/昭通市/镇雄县
  out=CN_云南省_昭通市_镇雄县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/昭通市/鲁甸县
  out=CN_云南省_昭通市_鲁甸县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/普洱市
  out=CN_云南省_普洱市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/普洱市/墨江哈尼族自治县
  out=CN_云南省_普洱市_墨江哈尼族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/普洱市/孟连傣族拉祜族佤族自治县
  out=CN_云南省_普洱市_孟连傣族拉祜族佤族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/普洱市/宁洱哈尼族彝族自治县
  out=CN_云南省_普洱市_宁洱哈尼族彝族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/普洱市/思茅区
  out=CN_云南省_普洱市_思茅区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/普洱市/景东彝族自治县
  out=CN_云南省_普洱市_景东彝族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/普洱市/景谷傣族彝族自治县
  out=CN_云南省_普洱市_景谷傣族彝族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/普洱市/江城哈尼族彝族自治县
  out=CN_云南省_普洱市_江城哈尼族彝族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/普洱市/澜沧拉祜族自治县
  out=CN_云南省_普洱市_澜沧拉祜族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/普洱市/西盟佤族自治县
  out=CN_云南省_普洱市_西盟佤族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/普洱市/镇沅彝族哈尼族拉祜族自治县
  out=CN_云南省_普洱市_镇沅彝族哈尼族拉祜族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/曲靖市
  out=CN_云南省_曲靖市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/曲靖市/会泽县
  out=CN_云南省_曲靖市_会泽县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/曲靖市/宣威市
  out=CN_云南省_曲靖市_宣威市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/曲靖市/富源县
  out=CN_云南省_曲靖市_富源县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/曲靖市/师宗县
  out=CN_云南省_曲靖市_师宗县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/曲靖市/沾益县
  out=CN_云南省_曲靖市_沾益县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/曲靖市/罗平县
  out=CN_云南省_曲靖市_罗平县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/曲靖市/陆良县
  out=CN_云南省_曲靖市_陆良县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/曲靖市/马龙县
  out=CN_云南省_曲靖市_马龙县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/曲靖市/麒麟区
  out=CN_云南省_曲靖市_麒麟区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/楚雄彝族自治州
  out=CN_云南省_楚雄彝族自治州.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/楚雄彝族自治州/元谋县
  out=CN_云南省_楚雄彝族自治州_元谋县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/楚雄彝族自治州/南华县
  out=CN_云南省_楚雄彝族自治州_南华县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/楚雄彝族自治州/双柏县
  out=CN_云南省_楚雄彝族自治州_双柏县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/楚雄彝族自治州/大姚县
  out=CN_云南省_楚雄彝族自治州_大姚县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/楚雄彝族自治州/姚安县
  out=CN_云南省_楚雄彝族自治州_姚安县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/楚雄彝族自治州/楚雄市
  out=CN_云南省_楚雄彝族自治州_楚雄市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/楚雄彝族自治州/武定县
  out=CN_云南省_楚雄彝族自治州_武定县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/楚雄彝族自治州/永仁县
  out=CN_云南省_楚雄彝族自治州_永仁县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/楚雄彝族自治州/牟定县
  out=CN_云南省_楚雄彝族自治州_牟定县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/楚雄彝族自治州/禄丰县
  out=CN_云南省_楚雄彝族自治州_禄丰县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/玉溪市
  out=CN_云南省_玉溪市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/玉溪市/元江哈尼族彝族傣族自治县
  out=CN_云南省_玉溪市_元江哈尼族彝族傣族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/玉溪市/华宁县
  out=CN_云南省_玉溪市_华宁县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/玉溪市/峨山彝族自治县
  out=CN_云南省_玉溪市_峨山彝族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/玉溪市/新平彝族傣族自治县
  out=CN_云南省_玉溪市_新平彝族傣族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/玉溪市/易门县
  out=CN_云南省_玉溪市_易门县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/玉溪市/江川县
  out=CN_云南省_玉溪市_江川县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/玉溪市/澄江县
  out=CN_云南省_玉溪市_澄江县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/玉溪市/红塔区
  out=CN_云南省_玉溪市_红塔区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/玉溪市/通海县
  out=CN_云南省_玉溪市_通海县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/红河哈尼族彝族自治州
  out=CN_云南省_红河哈尼族彝族自治州.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/红河哈尼族彝族自治州/个旧市
  out=CN_云南省_红河哈尼族彝族自治州_个旧市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/红河哈尼族彝族自治州/元阳县
  out=CN_云南省_红河哈尼族彝族自治州_元阳县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/红河哈尼族彝族自治州/屏边苗族自治县
  out=CN_云南省_红河哈尼族彝族自治州_屏边苗族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/红河哈尼族彝族自治州/建水县
  out=CN_云南省_红河哈尼族彝族自治州_建水县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/红河哈尼族彝族自治州/开远市
  out=CN_云南省_红河哈尼族彝族自治州_开远市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/红河哈尼族彝族自治州/弥勒县
  out=CN_云南省_红河哈尼族彝族自治州_弥勒县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/红河哈尼族彝族自治州/河口瑶族自治县
  out=CN_云南省_红河哈尼族彝族自治州_河口瑶族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/红河哈尼族彝族自治州/泸西县
  out=CN_云南省_红河哈尼族彝族自治州_泸西县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/红河哈尼族彝族自治州/石屏县
  out=CN_云南省_红河哈尼族彝族自治州_石屏县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/红河哈尼族彝族自治州/红河县
  out=CN_云南省_红河哈尼族彝族自治州_红河县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/红河哈尼族彝族自治州/绿春县
  out=CN_云南省_红河哈尼族彝族自治州_绿春县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/红河哈尼族彝族自治州/蒙自市
  out=CN_云南省_红河哈尼族彝族自治州_蒙自市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/红河哈尼族彝族自治州/金平苗族瑶族傣族自治县
  out=CN_云南省_红河哈尼族彝族自治州_金平苗族瑶族傣族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/西双版纳傣族自治州
  out=CN_云南省_西双版纳傣族自治州.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/西双版纳傣族自治州/勐海县
  out=CN_云南省_西双版纳傣族自治州_勐海县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/西双版纳傣族自治州/勐腊县
  out=CN_云南省_西双版纳傣族自治州_勐腊县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/西双版纳傣族自治州/景洪市
  out=CN_云南省_西双版纳傣族自治州_景洪市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/迪庆藏族自治州
  out=CN_云南省_迪庆藏族自治州.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/迪庆藏族自治州/德钦县
  out=CN_云南省_迪庆藏族自治州_德钦县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/迪庆藏族自治州/维西傈僳族自治县
  out=CN_云南省_迪庆藏族自治州_维西傈僳族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/云南省/迪庆藏族自治州/香格里拉县
  out=CN_云南省_迪庆藏族自治州_香格里拉县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/乌兰察布市
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_乌兰察布市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/乌兰察布市/丰镇市
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_乌兰察布市_丰镇市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/乌兰察布市/兴和县
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_乌兰察布市_兴和县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/乌兰察布市/凉城县
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_乌兰察布市_凉城县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/乌兰察布市/化德县
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_乌兰察布市_化德县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/乌兰察布市/卓资县
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_乌兰察布市_卓资县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/乌兰察布市/商都县
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_乌兰察布市_商都县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/乌兰察布市/四子王旗
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_乌兰察布市_四子王旗.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/乌兰察布市/察哈尔右翼中旗
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_乌兰察布市_察哈尔右翼中旗.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/乌兰察布市/察哈尔右翼前旗
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_乌兰察布市_察哈尔右翼前旗.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/乌兰察布市/察哈尔右翼后旗
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_乌兰察布市_察哈尔右翼后旗.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/乌兰察布市/集宁区
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_乌兰察布市_集宁区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/乌海市
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_乌海市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/乌海市/乌达区
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_乌海市_乌达区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/乌海市/海勃湾区
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_乌海市_海勃湾区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/乌海市/海南区
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_乌海市_海南区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/兴安盟
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_兴安盟.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/兴安盟/乌兰浩特市
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_兴安盟_乌兰浩特市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/兴安盟/扎赉特旗
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_兴安盟_扎赉特旗.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/兴安盟/科尔沁右翼中旗
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_兴安盟_科尔沁右翼中旗.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/兴安盟/科尔沁右翼前旗
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_兴安盟_科尔沁右翼前旗.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/兴安盟/突泉县
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_兴安盟_突泉县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/兴安盟/阿尔山市
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_兴安盟_阿尔山市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/包头市
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_包头市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/包头市/东河区
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_包头市_东河区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/包头市/九原区
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_包头市_九原区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/包头市/固阳县
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_包头市_固阳县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/包头市/土默特右旗
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_包头市_土默特右旗.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/包头市/昆都仑区
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_包头市_昆都仑区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/包头市/白云矿区
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_包头市_白云矿区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/包头市/石拐区
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_包头市_石拐区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/包头市/达尔罕茂明安联合旗
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_包头市_达尔罕茂明安联合旗.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/包头市/青山区
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_包头市_青山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/呼伦贝尔市
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_呼伦贝尔市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/呼伦贝尔市/扎兰屯市
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_呼伦贝尔市_扎兰屯市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/呼伦贝尔市/新巴尔虎右旗
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_呼伦贝尔市_新巴尔虎右旗.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/呼伦贝尔市/新巴尔虎左旗
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_呼伦贝尔市_新巴尔虎左旗.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/呼伦贝尔市/根河市
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_呼伦贝尔市_根河市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/呼伦贝尔市/海拉尔区
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_呼伦贝尔市_海拉尔区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/呼伦贝尔市/满洲里市
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_呼伦贝尔市_满洲里市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/呼伦贝尔市/牙克石市
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_呼伦贝尔市_牙克石市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/呼伦贝尔市/莫力达瓦达斡尔族自治旗
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_呼伦贝尔市_莫力达瓦达斡尔族自治旗.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/呼伦贝尔市/鄂伦春自治旗
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_呼伦贝尔市_鄂伦春自治旗.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/呼伦贝尔市/鄂温克族自治旗
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_呼伦贝尔市_鄂温克族自治旗.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/呼伦贝尔市/阿荣旗
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_呼伦贝尔市_阿荣旗.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/呼伦贝尔市/陈巴尔虎旗
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_呼伦贝尔市_陈巴尔虎旗.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/呼伦贝尔市/额尔古纳市
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_呼伦贝尔市_额尔古纳市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/呼和浩特市
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_呼和浩特市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/呼和浩特市/和林格尔县
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_呼和浩特市_和林格尔县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/呼和浩特市/回民区
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_呼和浩特市_回民区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/呼和浩特市/土默特左旗
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_呼和浩特市_土默特左旗.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/呼和浩特市/托克托县
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_呼和浩特市_托克托县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/呼和浩特市/新城区
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_呼和浩特市_新城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/呼和浩特市/武川县
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_呼和浩特市_武川县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/呼和浩特市/清水河县
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_呼和浩特市_清水河县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/呼和浩特市/玉泉区
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_呼和浩特市_玉泉区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/呼和浩特市/赛罕区
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_呼和浩特市_赛罕区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/巴彦淖尔市
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_巴彦淖尔市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/巴彦淖尔市/临河区
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_巴彦淖尔市_临河区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/巴彦淖尔市/乌拉特中旗
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_巴彦淖尔市_乌拉特中旗.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/巴彦淖尔市/乌拉特前旗
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_巴彦淖尔市_乌拉特前旗.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/巴彦淖尔市/乌拉特后旗
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_巴彦淖尔市_乌拉特后旗.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/巴彦淖尔市/五原县
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_巴彦淖尔市_五原县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/巴彦淖尔市/杭锦后旗
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_巴彦淖尔市_杭锦后旗.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/巴彦淖尔市/磴口县
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_巴彦淖尔市_磴口县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/赤峰市
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_赤峰市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/赤峰市/元宝山区
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_赤峰市_元宝山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/赤峰市/克什克腾旗
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_赤峰市_克什克腾旗.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/赤峰市/喀喇沁旗
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_赤峰市_喀喇沁旗.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/赤峰市/宁城县
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_赤峰市_宁城县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/赤峰市/巴林右旗
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_赤峰市_巴林右旗.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/赤峰市/巴林左旗
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_赤峰市_巴林左旗.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/赤峰市/敖汉旗
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_赤峰市_敖汉旗.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/赤峰市/松山区
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_赤峰市_松山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/赤峰市/林西县
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_赤峰市_林西县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/赤峰市/红山区
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_赤峰市_红山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/赤峰市/翁牛特旗
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_赤峰市_翁牛特旗.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/赤峰市/阿鲁科尔沁旗
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_赤峰市_阿鲁科尔沁旗.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/通辽市
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_通辽市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/通辽市/奈曼旗
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_通辽市_奈曼旗.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/通辽市/库伦旗
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_通辽市_库伦旗.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/通辽市/开鲁县
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_通辽市_开鲁县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/通辽市/扎鲁特旗
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_通辽市_扎鲁特旗.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/通辽市/科尔沁区
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_通辽市_科尔沁区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/通辽市/科尔沁左翼中旗
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_通辽市_科尔沁左翼中旗.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/通辽市/科尔沁左翼后旗
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_通辽市_科尔沁左翼后旗.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/通辽市/霍林郭勒市
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_通辽市_霍林郭勒市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/鄂尔多斯市
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_鄂尔多斯市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/鄂尔多斯市/东胜区
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_鄂尔多斯市_东胜区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/鄂尔多斯市/乌审旗
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_鄂尔多斯市_乌审旗.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/鄂尔多斯市/伊金霍洛旗
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_鄂尔多斯市_伊金霍洛旗.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/鄂尔多斯市/准格尔旗
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_鄂尔多斯市_准格尔旗.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/鄂尔多斯市/杭锦旗
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_鄂尔多斯市_杭锦旗.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/鄂尔多斯市/达拉特旗
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_鄂尔多斯市_达拉特旗.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/鄂尔多斯市/鄂托克前旗
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_鄂尔多斯市_鄂托克前旗.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/鄂尔多斯市/鄂托克旗
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_鄂尔多斯市_鄂托克旗.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/锡林郭勒盟
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_锡林郭勒盟.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/锡林郭勒盟/东乌珠穆沁旗
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_锡林郭勒盟_东乌珠穆沁旗.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/锡林郭勒盟/二连浩特市
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_锡林郭勒盟_二连浩特市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/锡林郭勒盟/多伦县
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_锡林郭勒盟_多伦县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/锡林郭勒盟/太仆寺旗
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_锡林郭勒盟_太仆寺旗.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/锡林郭勒盟/正蓝旗
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_锡林郭勒盟_正蓝旗.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/锡林郭勒盟/正镶白旗
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_锡林郭勒盟_正镶白旗.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/锡林郭勒盟/苏尼特右旗
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_锡林郭勒盟_苏尼特右旗.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/锡林郭勒盟/苏尼特左旗
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_锡林郭勒盟_苏尼特左旗.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/锡林郭勒盟/西乌珠穆沁旗
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_锡林郭勒盟_西乌珠穆沁旗.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/锡林郭勒盟/锡林浩特市
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_锡林郭勒盟_锡林浩特市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/锡林郭勒盟/镶黄旗
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_锡林郭勒盟_镶黄旗.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/锡林郭勒盟/阿巴嘎旗
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_锡林郭勒盟_阿巴嘎旗.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/阿拉善盟
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_阿拉善盟.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/阿拉善盟/阿拉善右旗
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_阿拉善盟_阿拉善右旗.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/阿拉善盟/阿拉善左旗
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_阿拉善盟_阿拉善左旗.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/内蒙古自治区/阿拉善盟/额济纳旗
  out=CN_内蒙古自治区_阿拉善盟_额济纳旗.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/北京市
  out=CN_北京市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/北京市/东城区
  out=CN_北京市_东城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/北京市/丰台区
  out=CN_北京市_丰台区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/北京市/大兴区
  out=CN_北京市_大兴区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/北京市/密云县
  out=CN_北京市_密云县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/北京市/平谷区
  out=CN_北京市_平谷区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/北京市/延庆县
  out=CN_北京市_延庆县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/北京市/怀柔区
  out=CN_北京市_怀柔区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/北京市/房山区
  out=CN_北京市_房山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/北京市/昌平区
  out=CN_北京市_昌平区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/北京市/朝阳区
  out=CN_北京市_朝阳区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/北京市/海淀区
  out=CN_北京市_海淀区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/北京市/石景山区
  out=CN_北京市_石景山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/北京市/西城区
  out=CN_北京市_西城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/北京市/通州区
  out=CN_北京市_通州区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/北京市/门头沟区
  out=CN_北京市_门头沟区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/北京市/顺义区
  out=CN_北京市_顺义区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾
  out=CN_台湾.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/南投縣
  out=CN_台湾_南投縣.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/南投縣/中寮鄉
  out=CN_台湾_南投縣_中寮鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/南投縣/仁愛鄉
  out=CN_台湾_南投縣_仁愛鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/南投縣/信義鄉
  out=CN_台湾_南投縣_信義鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/南投縣/南投市
  out=CN_台湾_南投縣_南投市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/南投縣/名間鄉
  out=CN_台湾_南投縣_名間鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/南投縣/國姓鄉
  out=CN_台湾_南投縣_國姓鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/南投縣/埔里鎮
  out=CN_台湾_南投縣_埔里鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/南投縣/水里鄉
  out=CN_台湾_南投縣_水里鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/南投縣/竹山鎮
  out=CN_台湾_南投縣_竹山鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/南投縣/草屯鎮
  out=CN_台湾_南投縣_草屯鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/南投縣/集集鎮
  out=CN_台湾_南投縣_集集鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/南投縣/魚池鄉
  out=CN_台湾_南投縣_魚池鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/南投縣/鹿谷鄉
  out=CN_台湾_南投縣_鹿谷鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台中市
  out=CN_台湾_台中市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台中市/中區
  out=CN_台湾_台中市_中區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台中市/北區
  out=CN_台湾_台中市_北區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台中市/北屯區
  out=CN_台湾_台中市_北屯區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台中市/南區
  out=CN_台湾_台中市_南區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台中市/南屯區
  out=CN_台湾_台中市_南屯區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台中市/后里區
  out=CN_台湾_台中市_后里區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台中市/和平區
  out=CN_台湾_台中市_和平區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台中市/外埔區
  out=CN_台湾_台中市_外埔區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台中市/大安區
  out=CN_台湾_台中市_大安區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台中市/大甲區
  out=CN_台湾_台中市_大甲區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台中市/大肚區
  out=CN_台湾_台中市_大肚區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台中市/大里區
  out=CN_台湾_台中市_大里區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台中市/大雅區
  out=CN_台湾_台中市_大雅區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台中市/太平區
  out=CN_台湾_台中市_太平區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台中市/新社區
  out=CN_台湾_台中市_新社區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台中市/東勢區
  out=CN_台湾_台中市_東勢區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台中市/東區
  out=CN_台湾_台中市_東區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台中市/梧棲區
  out=CN_台湾_台中市_梧棲區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台中市/沙鹿區
  out=CN_台湾_台中市_沙鹿區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台中市/清水區
  out=CN_台湾_台中市_清水區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台中市/潭子區
  out=CN_台湾_台中市_潭子區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台中市/烏日區
  out=CN_台湾_台中市_烏日區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台中市/石岡區
  out=CN_台湾_台中市_石岡區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台中市/神岡區
  out=CN_台湾_台中市_神岡區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台中市/西區
  out=CN_台湾_台中市_西區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台中市/西屯區
  out=CN_台湾_台中市_西屯區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台中市/豐原區
  out=CN_台湾_台中市_豐原區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台中市/霧峰區
  out=CN_台湾_台中市_霧峰區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台中市/龍井區
  out=CN_台湾_台中市_龍井區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台北市
  out=CN_台湾_台北市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台北市/中山區
  out=CN_台湾_台北市_中山區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台北市/中正區
  out=CN_台湾_台北市_中正區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台北市/信義區
  out=CN_台湾_台北市_信義區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台北市/內湖區
  out=CN_台湾_台北市_內湖區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台北市/北投區
  out=CN_台湾_台北市_北投區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台北市/南港區
  out=CN_台湾_台北市_南港區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台北市/士林區
  out=CN_台湾_台北市_士林區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台北市/大同區
  out=CN_台湾_台北市_大同區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台北市/大安區
  out=CN_台湾_台北市_大安區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台北市/文山區
  out=CN_台湾_台北市_文山區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台北市/松山區
  out=CN_台湾_台北市_松山區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台北市/萬華區
  out=CN_台湾_台北市_萬華區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台南市
  out=CN_台湾_台南市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台南市/七股區
  out=CN_台湾_台南市_七股區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台南市/下營區
  out=CN_台湾_台南市_下營區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台南市/中西區
  out=CN_台湾_台南市_中西區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台南市/仁德區
  out=CN_台湾_台南市_仁德區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台南市/佳里區
  out=CN_台湾_台南市_佳里區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台南市/六甲區
  out=CN_台湾_台南市_六甲區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台南市/北區
  out=CN_台湾_台南市_北區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台南市/北門區
  out=CN_台湾_台南市_北門區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台南市/南化區
  out=CN_台湾_台南市_南化區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台南市/南區
  out=CN_台湾_台南市_南區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台南市/善化區
  out=CN_台湾_台南市_善化區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台南市/大內區
  out=CN_台湾_台南市_大內區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台南市/學甲區
  out=CN_台湾_台南市_學甲區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台南市/安南區
  out=CN_台湾_台南市_安南區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台南市/安定區
  out=CN_台湾_台南市_安定區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台南市/安平區
  out=CN_台湾_台南市_安平區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台南市/官田區
  out=CN_台湾_台南市_官田區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台南市/將軍區
  out=CN_台湾_台南市_將軍區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台南市/山上區
  out=CN_台湾_台南市_山上區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台南市/左鎮區
  out=CN_台湾_台南市_左鎮區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台南市/後壁區
  out=CN_台湾_台南市_後壁區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台南市/新化區
  out=CN_台湾_台南市_新化區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台南市/新市區
  out=CN_台湾_台南市_新市區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台南市/新營區
  out=CN_台湾_台南市_新營區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台南市/東區
  out=CN_台湾_台南市_東區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台南市/東山區
  out=CN_台湾_台南市_東山區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台南市/柳營區
  out=CN_台湾_台南市_柳營區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台南市/楠西區
  out=CN_台湾_台南市_楠西區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台南市/歸仁區
  out=CN_台湾_台南市_歸仁區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台南市/永康區
  out=CN_台湾_台南市_永康區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台南市/玉井區
  out=CN_台湾_台南市_玉井區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台南市/白河區
  out=CN_台湾_台南市_白河區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台南市/西港區
  out=CN_台湾_台南市_西港區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台南市/關廟區
  out=CN_台湾_台南市_關廟區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台南市/鹽水區
  out=CN_台湾_台南市_鹽水區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台南市/麻豆區
  out=CN_台湾_台南市_麻豆區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台南市/龍崎區
  out=CN_台湾_台南市_龍崎區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台東縣
  out=CN_台湾_台東縣.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台東縣/卑南鄉
  out=CN_台湾_台東縣_卑南鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台東縣/台東市
  out=CN_台湾_台東縣_台東市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台東縣/大武鄉
  out=CN_台湾_台東縣_大武鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台東縣/太麻里鄉
  out=CN_台湾_台東縣_太麻里鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台東縣/延平鄉
  out=CN_台湾_台東縣_延平鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台東縣/成功鎮
  out=CN_台湾_台東縣_成功鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台東縣/東河鄉
  out=CN_台湾_台東縣_東河鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台東縣/池上鄉
  out=CN_台湾_台東縣_池上鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台東縣/海端鄉
  out=CN_台湾_台東縣_海端鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台東縣/綠島鄉
  out=CN_台湾_台東縣_綠島鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台東縣/蘭嶼鄉
  out=CN_台湾_台東縣_蘭嶼鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台東縣/達仁鄉
  out=CN_台湾_台東縣_達仁鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台東縣/金峰鄉
  out=CN_台湾_台東縣_金峰鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台東縣/長濱鄉
  out=CN_台湾_台東縣_長濱鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台東縣/關山鎮
  out=CN_台湾_台東縣_關山鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/台東縣/鹿野鄉
  out=CN_台湾_台東縣_鹿野鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/嘉義市
  out=CN_台湾_嘉義市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/嘉義市/東區
  out=CN_台湾_嘉義市_東區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/嘉義市/西區
  out=CN_台湾_嘉義市_西區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/嘉義縣
  out=CN_台湾_嘉義縣.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/嘉義縣/中埔鄉
  out=CN_台湾_嘉義縣_中埔鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/嘉義縣/六腳鄉
  out=CN_台湾_嘉義縣_六腳鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/嘉義縣/大埔鄉
  out=CN_台湾_嘉義縣_大埔鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/嘉義縣/大林鎮
  out=CN_台湾_嘉義縣_大林鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/嘉義縣/太保市
  out=CN_台湾_嘉義縣_太保市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/嘉義縣/布袋鎮
  out=CN_台湾_嘉義縣_布袋鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/嘉義縣/新港鄉
  out=CN_台湾_嘉義縣_新港鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/嘉義縣/朴子市
  out=CN_台湾_嘉義縣_朴子市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/嘉義縣/東石鄉
  out=CN_台湾_嘉義縣_東石鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/嘉義縣/梅山鄉
  out=CN_台湾_嘉義縣_梅山鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/嘉義縣/民雄鄉
  out=CN_台湾_嘉義縣_民雄鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/嘉義縣/水上鄉
  out=CN_台湾_嘉義縣_水上鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/嘉義縣/溪口鄉
  out=CN_台湾_嘉義縣_溪口鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/嘉義縣/番路鄉
  out=CN_台湾_嘉義縣_番路鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/嘉義縣/竹崎鄉
  out=CN_台湾_嘉義縣_竹崎鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/嘉義縣/義竹鄉
  out=CN_台湾_嘉義縣_義竹鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/嘉義縣/阿里山鄉
  out=CN_台湾_嘉義縣_阿里山鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/嘉義縣/鹿草鄉
  out=CN_台湾_嘉義縣_鹿草鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/基隆市
  out=CN_台湾_基隆市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/基隆市/七堵區
  out=CN_台湾_基隆市_七堵區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/基隆市/中山區
  out=CN_台湾_基隆市_中山區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/基隆市/中正區
  out=CN_台湾_基隆市_中正區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/基隆市/仁愛區
  out=CN_台湾_基隆市_仁愛區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/基隆市/信義區
  out=CN_台湾_基隆市_信義區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/基隆市/安樂區
  out=CN_台湾_基隆市_安樂區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/基隆市/暖暖區
  out=CN_台湾_基隆市_暖暖區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/宜蘭縣
  out=CN_台湾_宜蘭縣.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/宜蘭縣/三星鄉
  out=CN_台湾_宜蘭縣_三星鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/宜蘭縣/五結鄉
  out=CN_台湾_宜蘭縣_五結鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/宜蘭縣/冬山鄉
  out=CN_台湾_宜蘭縣_冬山鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/宜蘭縣/南澳鄉
  out=CN_台湾_宜蘭縣_南澳鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/宜蘭縣/員山鄉
  out=CN_台湾_宜蘭縣_員山鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/宜蘭縣/壯圍鄉
  out=CN_台湾_宜蘭縣_壯圍鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/宜蘭縣/大同鄉
  out=CN_台湾_宜蘭縣_大同鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/宜蘭縣/宜蘭市
  out=CN_台湾_宜蘭縣_宜蘭市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/宜蘭縣/礁溪鄉
  out=CN_台湾_宜蘭縣_礁溪鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/宜蘭縣/羅東鎮
  out=CN_台湾_宜蘭縣_羅東鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/宜蘭縣/蘇澳鎮
  out=CN_台湾_宜蘭縣_蘇澳鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/宜蘭縣/頭城鎮
  out=CN_台湾_宜蘭縣_頭城鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/屏東縣
  out=CN_台湾_屏東縣.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/屏東縣/三地門鄉
  out=CN_台湾_屏東縣_三地門鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/屏東縣/九如鄉
  out=CN_台湾_屏東縣_九如鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/屏東縣/佳冬鄉
  out=CN_台湾_屏東縣_佳冬鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/屏東縣/來義鄉
  out=CN_台湾_屏東縣_來義鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/屏東縣/內埔鄉
  out=CN_台湾_屏東縣_內埔鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/屏東縣/南州鄉
  out=CN_台湾_屏東縣_南州鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/屏東縣/屏東市
  out=CN_台湾_屏東縣_屏東市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/屏東縣/崁頂鄉
  out=CN_台湾_屏東縣_崁頂鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/屏東縣/恆春鎮
  out=CN_台湾_屏東縣_恆春鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/屏東縣/新園鄉
  out=CN_台湾_屏東縣_新園鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/屏東縣/新埤鄉
  out=CN_台湾_屏東縣_新埤鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/屏東縣/春日鄉
  out=CN_台湾_屏東縣_春日鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/屏東縣/東港鎮
  out=CN_台湾_屏東縣_東港鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/屏東縣/枋寮鄉
  out=CN_台湾_屏東縣_枋寮鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/屏東縣/枋山鄉
  out=CN_台湾_屏東縣_枋山鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/屏東縣/林邊鄉
  out=CN_台湾_屏東縣_林邊鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/屏東縣/泰武鄉
  out=CN_台湾_屏東縣_泰武鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/屏東縣/滿洲鄉
  out=CN_台湾_屏東縣_滿洲鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/屏東縣/潮州鎮
  out=CN_台湾_屏東縣_潮州鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/屏東縣/牡丹鄉
  out=CN_台湾_屏東縣_牡丹鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/屏東縣/獅子鄉
  out=CN_台湾_屏東縣_獅子鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/屏東縣/琉球鄉
  out=CN_台湾_屏東縣_琉球鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/屏東縣/瑪家鄉
  out=CN_台湾_屏東縣_瑪家鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/屏東縣/竹田鄉
  out=CN_台湾_屏東縣_竹田鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/屏東縣/萬丹鄉
  out=CN_台湾_屏東縣_萬丹鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/屏東縣/萬巒鄉
  out=CN_台湾_屏東縣_萬巒鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/屏東縣/車城鄉
  out=CN_台湾_屏東縣_車城鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/屏東縣/里港鄉
  out=CN_台湾_屏東縣_里港鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/屏東縣/長治鄉
  out=CN_台湾_屏東縣_長治鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/屏東縣/霧台鄉
  out=CN_台湾_屏東縣_霧台鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/屏東縣/高樹鄉
  out=CN_台湾_屏東縣_高樹鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/屏東縣/鹽埔鄉
  out=CN_台湾_屏東縣_鹽埔鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/屏東縣/麟洛鄉
  out=CN_台湾_屏東縣_麟洛鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/彰化縣
  out=CN_台湾_彰化縣.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/彰化縣/二林鎮
  out=CN_台湾_彰化縣_二林鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/彰化縣/二水鄉
  out=CN_台湾_彰化縣_二水鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/彰化縣/伸港鄉
  out=CN_台湾_彰化縣_伸港鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/彰化縣/北斗鎮
  out=CN_台湾_彰化縣_北斗鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/彰化縣/和美鎮
  out=CN_台湾_彰化縣_和美鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/彰化縣/員林市
  out=CN_台湾_彰化縣_員林市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/彰化縣/埔心鄉
  out=CN_台湾_彰化縣_埔心鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/彰化縣/埔鹽鄉
  out=CN_台湾_彰化縣_埔鹽鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/彰化縣/埤頭鄉
  out=CN_台湾_彰化縣_埤頭鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/彰化縣/大城鄉
  out=CN_台湾_彰化縣_大城鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/彰化縣/大村鄉
  out=CN_台湾_彰化縣_大村鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/彰化縣/彰化市
  out=CN_台湾_彰化縣_彰化市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/彰化縣/永靖鄉
  out=CN_台湾_彰化縣_永靖鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/彰化縣/溪州鄉
  out=CN_台湾_彰化縣_溪州鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/彰化縣/溪湖鎮
  out=CN_台湾_彰化縣_溪湖鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/彰化縣/田中鎮
  out=CN_台湾_彰化縣_田中鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/彰化縣/田尾鄉
  out=CN_台湾_彰化縣_田尾鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/彰化縣/社頭鄉
  out=CN_台湾_彰化縣_社頭鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/彰化縣/福興鄉
  out=CN_台湾_彰化縣_福興鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/彰化縣/秀水鄉
  out=CN_台湾_彰化縣_秀水鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/彰化縣/竹塘鄉
  out=CN_台湾_彰化縣_竹塘鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/彰化縣/線西鄉
  out=CN_台湾_彰化縣_線西鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/彰化縣/芬園鄉
  out=CN_台湾_彰化縣_芬園鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/彰化縣/花壇鄉
  out=CN_台湾_彰化縣_花壇鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/彰化縣/芳苑鄉
  out=CN_台湾_彰化縣_芳苑鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/彰化縣/鹿港鎮
  out=CN_台湾_彰化縣_鹿港鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/新北市
  out=CN_台湾_新北市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/新北市/三峽區
  out=CN_台湾_新北市_三峽區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/新北市/三芝區
  out=CN_台湾_新北市_三芝區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/新北市/三重區
  out=CN_台湾_新北市_三重區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/新北市/中和區
  out=CN_台湾_新北市_中和區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/新北市/五股區
  out=CN_台湾_新北市_五股區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/新北市/八里區
  out=CN_台湾_新北市_八里區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/新北市/土城區
  out=CN_台湾_新北市_土城區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/新北市/坪林區
  out=CN_台湾_新北市_坪林區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/新北市/平溪區
  out=CN_台湾_新北市_平溪區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/新北市/新店區
  out=CN_台湾_新北市_新店區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/新北市/新莊區
  out=CN_台湾_新北市_新莊區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/新北市/板橋區
  out=CN_台湾_新北市_板橋區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/新北市/林口區
  out=CN_台湾_新北市_林口區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/新北市/樹林區
  out=CN_台湾_新北市_樹林區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/新北市/永和區
  out=CN_台湾_新北市_永和區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/新北市/汐止區
  out=CN_台湾_新北市_汐止區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/新北市/泰山區
  out=CN_台湾_新北市_泰山區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/新北市/淡水區
  out=CN_台湾_新北市_淡水區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/新北市/深坑區
  out=CN_台湾_新北市_深坑區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/新北市/烏來區
  out=CN_台湾_新北市_烏來區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/新北市/瑞芳區
  out=CN_台湾_新北市_瑞芳區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/新北市/石碇區
  out=CN_台湾_新北市_石碇區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/新北市/石門區
  out=CN_台湾_新北市_石門區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/新北市/萬里區
  out=CN_台湾_新北市_萬里區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/新北市/蘆洲區
  out=CN_台湾_新北市_蘆洲區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/新北市/貢寮區
  out=CN_台湾_新北市_貢寮區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/新北市/金山區
  out=CN_台湾_新北市_金山區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/新北市/雙溪區
  out=CN_台湾_新北市_雙溪區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/新北市/鶯歌區
  out=CN_台湾_新北市_鶯歌區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/新竹市
  out=CN_台湾_新竹市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/新竹市/北區
  out=CN_台湾_新竹市_北區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/新竹市/東區
  out=CN_台湾_新竹市_東區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/新竹市/香山區
  out=CN_台湾_新竹市_香山區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/新竹縣
  out=CN_台湾_新竹縣.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/新竹縣/五峰鄉
  out=CN_台湾_新竹縣_五峰鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/新竹縣/北埔鄉
  out=CN_台湾_新竹縣_北埔鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/新竹縣/寶山鄉
  out=CN_台湾_新竹縣_寶山鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/新竹縣/尖石鄉
  out=CN_台湾_新竹縣_尖石鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/新竹縣/峨眉鄉
  out=CN_台湾_新竹縣_峨眉鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/新竹縣/新埔鎮
  out=CN_台湾_新竹縣_新埔鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/新竹縣/新豐鄉
  out=CN_台湾_新竹縣_新豐鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/新竹縣/橫山鄉
  out=CN_台湾_新竹縣_橫山鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/新竹縣/湖口鄉
  out=CN_台湾_新竹縣_湖口鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/新竹縣/竹北市
  out=CN_台湾_新竹縣_竹北市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/新竹縣/竹東鎮
  out=CN_台湾_新竹縣_竹東鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/新竹縣/芎林鄉
  out=CN_台湾_新竹縣_芎林鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/新竹縣/關西鎮
  out=CN_台湾_新竹縣_關西鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/桃園市
  out=CN_台湾_桃園市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/桃園市/中壢區
  out=CN_台湾_桃園市_中壢區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/桃園市/八德區
  out=CN_台湾_桃園市_八德區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/桃園市/大園區
  out=CN_台湾_桃園市_大園區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/桃園市/大溪區
  out=CN_台湾_桃園市_大溪區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/桃園市/平鎮區
  out=CN_台湾_桃園市_平鎮區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/桃園市/復興區
  out=CN_台湾_桃園市_復興區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/桃園市/新屋區
  out=CN_台湾_桃園市_新屋區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/桃園市/桃園區
  out=CN_台湾_桃園市_桃園區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/桃園市/楊梅區
  out=CN_台湾_桃園市_楊梅區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/桃園市/蘆竹區
  out=CN_台湾_桃園市_蘆竹區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/桃園市/觀音區
  out=CN_台湾_桃園市_觀音區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/桃園市/龍潭區
  out=CN_台湾_桃園市_龍潭區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/桃園市/龜山區
  out=CN_台湾_桃園市_龜山區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/澎湖縣
  out=CN_台湾_澎湖縣.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/澎湖縣/七美鄉
  out=CN_台湾_澎湖縣_七美鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/澎湖縣/望安鄉
  out=CN_台湾_澎湖縣_望安鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/澎湖縣/湖西鄉
  out=CN_台湾_澎湖縣_湖西鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/澎湖縣/白沙鄉
  out=CN_台湾_澎湖縣_白沙鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/澎湖縣/西嶼鄉
  out=CN_台湾_澎湖縣_西嶼鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/澎湖縣/馬公市
  out=CN_台湾_澎湖縣_馬公市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/花蓮縣
  out=CN_台湾_花蓮縣.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/花蓮縣/光復鄉
  out=CN_台湾_花蓮縣_光復鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/花蓮縣/卓溪鄉
  out=CN_台湾_花蓮縣_卓溪鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/花蓮縣/吉安鄉
  out=CN_台湾_花蓮縣_吉安鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/花蓮縣/壽豐鄉
  out=CN_台湾_花蓮縣_壽豐鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/花蓮縣/富里鄉
  out=CN_台湾_花蓮縣_富里鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/花蓮縣/新城鄉
  out=CN_台湾_花蓮縣_新城鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/花蓮縣/玉里鎮
  out=CN_台湾_花蓮縣_玉里鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/花蓮縣/瑞穗鄉
  out=CN_台湾_花蓮縣_瑞穗鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/花蓮縣/秀林鄉
  out=CN_台湾_花蓮縣_秀林鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/花蓮縣/花蓮市
  out=CN_台湾_花蓮縣_花蓮市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/花蓮縣/萬榮鄉
  out=CN_台湾_花蓮縣_萬榮鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/花蓮縣/豐濱鄉
  out=CN_台湾_花蓮縣_豐濱鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/花蓮縣/鳳林鎮
  out=CN_台湾_花蓮縣_鳳林鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/苗栗縣
  out=CN_台湾_苗栗縣.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/苗栗縣/三灣鄉
  out=CN_台湾_苗栗縣_三灣鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/苗栗縣/三義鄉
  out=CN_台湾_苗栗縣_三義鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/苗栗縣/公館鄉
  out=CN_台湾_苗栗縣_公館鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/苗栗縣/卓蘭鎮
  out=CN_台湾_苗栗縣_卓蘭鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/苗栗縣/南庄鄉
  out=CN_台湾_苗栗縣_南庄鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/苗栗縣/大湖鄉
  out=CN_台湾_苗栗縣_大湖鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/苗栗縣/後龍鎮
  out=CN_台湾_苗栗縣_後龍鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/苗栗縣/泰安鄉
  out=CN_台湾_苗栗縣_泰安鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/苗栗縣/獅潭鄉
  out=CN_台湾_苗栗縣_獅潭鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/苗栗縣/竹南鎮
  out=CN_台湾_苗栗縣_竹南鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/苗栗縣/苑裡鎮
  out=CN_台湾_苗栗縣_苑裡鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/苗栗縣/苗栗市
  out=CN_台湾_苗栗縣_苗栗市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/苗栗縣/西湖鄉
  out=CN_台湾_苗栗縣_西湖鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/苗栗縣/通霄鎮
  out=CN_台湾_苗栗縣_通霄鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/苗栗縣/造橋鄉
  out=CN_台湾_苗栗縣_造橋鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/苗栗縣/銅鑼鄉
  out=CN_台湾_苗栗縣_銅鑼鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/苗栗縣/頭份市
  out=CN_台湾_苗栗縣_頭份市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/苗栗縣/頭屋鄉
  out=CN_台湾_苗栗縣_頭屋鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/連江縣
  out=CN_台湾_連江縣.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/連江縣/北竿鄉
  out=CN_台湾_連江縣_北竿鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/連江縣/南竿鄉
  out=CN_台湾_連江縣_南竿鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/連江縣/東引鄉
  out=CN_台湾_連江縣_東引鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/連江縣/莒光鄉
  out=CN_台湾_連江縣_莒光鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/金門縣
  out=CN_台湾_金門縣.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/金門縣/烈嶼鄉
  out=CN_台湾_金門縣_烈嶼鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/金門縣/烏坵鄉
  out=CN_台湾_金門縣_烏坵鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/金門縣/金城鎮
  out=CN_台湾_金門縣_金城鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/金門縣/金寧鄉
  out=CN_台湾_金門縣_金寧鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/金門縣/金沙鎮
  out=CN_台湾_金門縣_金沙鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/金門縣/金湖鎮
  out=CN_台湾_金門縣_金湖鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/雲林縣
  out=CN_台湾_雲林縣.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/雲林縣/二崙鄉
  out=CN_台湾_雲林縣_二崙鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/雲林縣/元長鄉
  out=CN_台湾_雲林縣_元長鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/雲林縣/北港鎮
  out=CN_台湾_雲林縣_北港鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/雲林縣/口湖鄉
  out=CN_台湾_雲林縣_口湖鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/雲林縣/古坑鄉
  out=CN_台湾_雲林縣_古坑鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/雲林縣/台西鄉
  out=CN_台湾_雲林縣_台西鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/雲林縣/四湖鄉
  out=CN_台湾_雲林縣_四湖鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/雲林縣/土庫鎮
  out=CN_台湾_雲林縣_土庫鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/雲林縣/大埤鄉
  out=CN_台湾_雲林縣_大埤鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/雲林縣/崙背鄉
  out=CN_台湾_雲林縣_崙背鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/雲林縣/斗六市
  out=CN_台湾_雲林縣_斗六市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/雲林縣/斗南鎮
  out=CN_台湾_雲林縣_斗南鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/雲林縣/東勢鄉
  out=CN_台湾_雲林縣_東勢鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/雲林縣/林內鄉
  out=CN_台湾_雲林縣_林內鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/雲林縣/水林鄉
  out=CN_台湾_雲林縣_水林鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/雲林縣/莿桐鄉
  out=CN_台湾_雲林縣_莿桐鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/雲林縣/虎尾鎮
  out=CN_台湾_雲林縣_虎尾鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/雲林縣/褒忠鄉
  out=CN_台湾_雲林縣_褒忠鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/雲林縣/西螺鎮
  out=CN_台湾_雲林縣_西螺鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/雲林縣/麥寮鄉
  out=CN_台湾_雲林縣_麥寮鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/高雄市
  out=CN_台湾_高雄市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/高雄市/三民區
  out=CN_台湾_高雄市_三民區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/高雄市/仁武區
  out=CN_台湾_高雄市_仁武區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/高雄市/內門區
  out=CN_台湾_高雄市_內門區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/高雄市/六龜區
  out=CN_台湾_高雄市_六龜區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/高雄市/前金區
  out=CN_台湾_高雄市_前金區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/高雄市/前鎮區
  out=CN_台湾_高雄市_前鎮區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/高雄市/南沙島
  out=CN_台湾_高雄市_南沙島.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/高雄市/大寮區
  out=CN_台湾_高雄市_大寮區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/高雄市/大樹區
  out=CN_台湾_高雄市_大樹區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/高雄市/大社區
  out=CN_台湾_高雄市_大社區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/高雄市/小港區
  out=CN_台湾_高雄市_小港區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/高雄市/岡山區
  out=CN_台湾_高雄市_岡山區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/高雄市/左營區
  out=CN_台湾_高雄市_左營區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/高雄市/彌陀區
  out=CN_台湾_高雄市_彌陀區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/高雄市/新興區
  out=CN_台湾_高雄市_新興區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/高雄市/旗山區
  out=CN_台湾_高雄市_旗山區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/高雄市/旗津區
  out=CN_台湾_高雄市_旗津區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/高雄市/杉林區
  out=CN_台湾_高雄市_杉林區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/高雄市/東沙島
  out=CN_台湾_高雄市_東沙島.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/高雄市/林園區
  out=CN_台湾_高雄市_林園區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/高雄市/桃源區
  out=CN_台湾_高雄市_桃源區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/高雄市/梓官區
  out=CN_台湾_高雄市_梓官區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/高雄市/楠梓區
  out=CN_台湾_高雄市_楠梓區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/高雄市/橋頭區
  out=CN_台湾_高雄市_橋頭區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/高雄市/永安區
  out=CN_台湾_高雄市_永安區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/高雄市/湖內區
  out=CN_台湾_高雄市_湖內區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/高雄市/燕巢區
  out=CN_台湾_高雄市_燕巢區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/高雄市/田寮區
  out=CN_台湾_高雄市_田寮區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/高雄市/甲仙區
  out=CN_台湾_高雄市_甲仙區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/高雄市/美濃區
  out=CN_台湾_高雄市_美濃區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/高雄市/苓雅區
  out=CN_台湾_高雄市_苓雅區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/高雄市/茂林區
  out=CN_台湾_高雄市_茂林區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/高雄市/茄萣區
  out=CN_台湾_高雄市_茄萣區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/高雄市/路竹區
  out=CN_台湾_高雄市_路竹區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/高雄市/那瑪夏區
  out=CN_台湾_高雄市_那瑪夏區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/高雄市/阿蓮區
  out=CN_台湾_高雄市_阿蓮區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/高雄市/鳥松區
  out=CN_台湾_高雄市_鳥松區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/高雄市/鳳山區
  out=CN_台湾_高雄市_鳳山區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/高雄市/鹽埕區
  out=CN_台湾_高雄市_鹽埕區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/台湾/高雄市/鼓山區
  out=CN_台湾_高雄市_鼓山區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省
  out=CN_吉林省.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/吉林市
  out=CN_吉林省_吉林市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/吉林市/丰满区
  out=CN_吉林省_吉林市_丰满区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/吉林市/昌邑区
  out=CN_吉林省_吉林市_昌邑区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/吉林市/桦甸市
  out=CN_吉林省_吉林市_桦甸市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/吉林市/永吉县
  out=CN_吉林省_吉林市_永吉县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/吉林市/磐石市
  out=CN_吉林省_吉林市_磐石市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/吉林市/舒兰市
  out=CN_吉林省_吉林市_舒兰市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/吉林市/船营区
  out=CN_吉林省_吉林市_船营区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/吉林市/蛟河市
  out=CN_吉林省_吉林市_蛟河市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/吉林市/龙潭区
  out=CN_吉林省_吉林市_龙潭区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/四平市
  out=CN_吉林省_四平市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/四平市/伊通满族自治县
  out=CN_吉林省_四平市_伊通满族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/四平市/公主岭市
  out=CN_吉林省_四平市_公主岭市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/四平市/双辽市
  out=CN_吉林省_四平市_双辽市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/四平市/梨树县
  out=CN_吉林省_四平市_梨树县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/四平市/铁东区
  out=CN_吉林省_四平市_铁东区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/四平市/铁西区
  out=CN_吉林省_四平市_铁西区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/延边朝鲜族自治州
  out=CN_吉林省_延边朝鲜族自治州.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/延边朝鲜族自治州/和龙市
  out=CN_吉林省_延边朝鲜族自治州_和龙市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/延边朝鲜族自治州/图们市
  out=CN_吉林省_延边朝鲜族自治州_图们市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/延边朝鲜族自治州/安图县
  out=CN_吉林省_延边朝鲜族自治州_安图县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/延边朝鲜族自治州/延吉市
  out=CN_吉林省_延边朝鲜族自治州_延吉市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/延边朝鲜族自治州/敦化市
  out=CN_吉林省_延边朝鲜族自治州_敦化市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/延边朝鲜族自治州/汪清县
  out=CN_吉林省_延边朝鲜族自治州_汪清县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/延边朝鲜族自治州/珲春市
  out=CN_吉林省_延边朝鲜族自治州_珲春市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/延边朝鲜族自治州/龙井市
  out=CN_吉林省_延边朝鲜族自治州_龙井市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/松原市
  out=CN_吉林省_松原市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/松原市/乾安县
  out=CN_吉林省_松原市_乾安县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/松原市/前郭尔罗斯蒙古族自治县
  out=CN_吉林省_松原市_前郭尔罗斯蒙古族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/松原市/宁江区
  out=CN_吉林省_松原市_宁江区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/松原市/扶余县
  out=CN_吉林省_松原市_扶余县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/松原市/长岭县
  out=CN_吉林省_松原市_长岭县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/白城市
  out=CN_吉林省_白城市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/白城市/大安市
  out=CN_吉林省_白城市_大安市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/白城市/洮北区
  out=CN_吉林省_白城市_洮北区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/白城市/洮南市
  out=CN_吉林省_白城市_洮南市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/白城市/通榆县
  out=CN_吉林省_白城市_通榆县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/白城市/镇赉县
  out=CN_吉林省_白城市_镇赉县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/白山市
  out=CN_吉林省_白山市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/白山市/临江市
  out=CN_吉林省_白山市_临江市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/白山市/八道江区
  out=CN_吉林省_白山市_八道江区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/白山市/抚松县
  out=CN_吉林省_白山市_抚松县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/白山市/江源区
  out=CN_吉林省_白山市_江源区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/白山市/长白朝鲜族自治县
  out=CN_吉林省_白山市_长白朝鲜族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/白山市/靖宇县
  out=CN_吉林省_白山市_靖宇县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/辽源市
  out=CN_吉林省_辽源市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/辽源市/东丰县
  out=CN_吉林省_辽源市_东丰县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/辽源市/东辽县
  out=CN_吉林省_辽源市_东辽县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/辽源市/西安区
  out=CN_吉林省_辽源市_西安区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/辽源市/龙山区
  out=CN_吉林省_辽源市_龙山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/通化市
  out=CN_吉林省_通化市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/通化市/东昌区
  out=CN_吉林省_通化市_东昌区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/通化市/二道江区
  out=CN_吉林省_通化市_二道江区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/通化市/柳河县
  out=CN_吉林省_通化市_柳河县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/通化市/梅河口市
  out=CN_吉林省_通化市_梅河口市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/通化市/辉南县
  out=CN_吉林省_通化市_辉南县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/通化市/通化县
  out=CN_吉林省_通化市_通化县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/通化市/集安市
  out=CN_吉林省_通化市_集安市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/长春市
  out=CN_吉林省_长春市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/长春市/九台市
  out=CN_吉林省_长春市_九台市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/长春市/二道区
  out=CN_吉林省_长春市_二道区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/长春市/农安县
  out=CN_吉林省_长春市_农安县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/长春市/南关区
  out=CN_吉林省_长春市_南关区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/长春市/双阳区
  out=CN_吉林省_长春市_双阳区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/长春市/宽城区
  out=CN_吉林省_长春市_宽城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/长春市/德惠市
  out=CN_吉林省_长春市_德惠市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/长春市/朝阳区
  out=CN_吉林省_长春市_朝阳区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/长春市/榆树市
  out=CN_吉林省_长春市_榆树市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/吉林省/长春市/绿园区
  out=CN_吉林省_长春市_绿园区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省
  out=CN_四川省.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/乐山市
  out=CN_四川省_乐山市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/乐山市/五通桥区
  out=CN_四川省_乐山市_五通桥区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/乐山市/井研县
  out=CN_四川省_乐山市_井研县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/乐山市/夹江县
  out=CN_四川省_乐山市_夹江县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/乐山市/峨眉山市
  out=CN_四川省_乐山市_峨眉山市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/乐山市/峨边彝族自治县
  out=CN_四川省_乐山市_峨边彝族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/乐山市/市中区
  out=CN_四川省_乐山市_市中区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/乐山市/沐川县
  out=CN_四川省_乐山市_沐川县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/乐山市/沙湾区
  out=CN_四川省_乐山市_沙湾区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/乐山市/犍为县
  out=CN_四川省_乐山市_犍为县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/乐山市/金口河区
  out=CN_四川省_乐山市_金口河区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/乐山市/马边彝族自治县
  out=CN_四川省_乐山市_马边彝族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/内江市
  out=CN_四川省_内江市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/内江市/东兴区
  out=CN_四川省_内江市_东兴区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/内江市/威远县
  out=CN_四川省_内江市_威远县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/内江市/市中区
  out=CN_四川省_内江市_市中区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/内江市/资中县
  out=CN_四川省_内江市_资中县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/内江市/隆昌县
  out=CN_四川省_内江市_隆昌县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/凉山彝族自治州
  out=CN_四川省_凉山彝族自治州.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/凉山彝族自治州/会东县
  out=CN_四川省_凉山彝族自治州_会东县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/凉山彝族自治州/会理县
  out=CN_四川省_凉山彝族自治州_会理县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/凉山彝族自治州/冕宁县
  out=CN_四川省_凉山彝族自治州_冕宁县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/凉山彝族自治州/喜德县
  out=CN_四川省_凉山彝族自治州_喜德县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/凉山彝族自治州/宁南县
  out=CN_四川省_凉山彝族自治州_宁南县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/凉山彝族自治州/布拖县
  out=CN_四川省_凉山彝族自治州_布拖县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/凉山彝族自治州/德昌县
  out=CN_四川省_凉山彝族自治州_德昌县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/凉山彝族自治州/昭觉县
  out=CN_四川省_凉山彝族自治州_昭觉县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/凉山彝族自治州/普格县
  out=CN_四川省_凉山彝族自治州_普格县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/凉山彝族自治州/木里藏族自治县
  out=CN_四川省_凉山彝族自治州_木里藏族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/凉山彝族自治州/甘洛县
  out=CN_四川省_凉山彝族自治州_甘洛县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/凉山彝族自治州/盐源县
  out=CN_四川省_凉山彝族自治州_盐源县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/凉山彝族自治州/美姑县
  out=CN_四川省_凉山彝族自治州_美姑县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/凉山彝族自治州/西昌市
  out=CN_四川省_凉山彝族自治州_西昌市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/凉山彝族自治州/越西县
  out=CN_四川省_凉山彝族自治州_越西县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/凉山彝族自治州/金阳县
  out=CN_四川省_凉山彝族自治州_金阳县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/凉山彝族自治州/雷波县
  out=CN_四川省_凉山彝族自治州_雷波县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/南充市
  out=CN_四川省_南充市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/南充市/仪陇县
  out=CN_四川省_南充市_仪陇县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/南充市/南部县
  out=CN_四川省_南充市_南部县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/南充市/嘉陵区
  out=CN_四川省_南充市_嘉陵区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/南充市/营山县
  out=CN_四川省_南充市_营山县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/南充市/蓬安县
  out=CN_四川省_南充市_蓬安县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/南充市/西充县
  out=CN_四川省_南充市_西充县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/南充市/阆中市
  out=CN_四川省_南充市_阆中市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/南充市/顺庆区
  out=CN_四川省_南充市_顺庆区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/南充市/高坪区
  out=CN_四川省_南充市_高坪区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/宜宾市
  out=CN_四川省_宜宾市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/宜宾市/兴文县
  out=CN_四川省_宜宾市_兴文县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/宜宾市/南溪县
  out=CN_四川省_宜宾市_南溪县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/宜宾市/宜宾县
  out=CN_四川省_宜宾市_宜宾县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/宜宾市/屏山县
  out=CN_四川省_宜宾市_屏山县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/宜宾市/江安县
  out=CN_四川省_宜宾市_江安县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/宜宾市/珙县
  out=CN_四川省_宜宾市_珙县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/宜宾市/筠连县
  out=CN_四川省_宜宾市_筠连县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/宜宾市/翠屏区
  out=CN_四川省_宜宾市_翠屏区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/宜宾市/长宁县
  out=CN_四川省_宜宾市_长宁县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/宜宾市/高县
  out=CN_四川省_宜宾市_高县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/巴中市
  out=CN_四川省_巴中市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/巴中市/南江县
  out=CN_四川省_巴中市_南江县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/巴中市/巴州区
  out=CN_四川省_巴中市_巴州区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/巴中市/平昌县
  out=CN_四川省_巴中市_平昌县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/巴中市/通江县
  out=CN_四川省_巴中市_通江县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/广元市
  out=CN_四川省_广元市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/广元市/元坝区
  out=CN_四川省_广元市_元坝区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/广元市/利州区
  out=CN_四川省_广元市_利州区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/广元市/剑阁县
  out=CN_四川省_广元市_剑阁县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/广元市/市中区
  out=CN_四川省_广元市_市中区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/广元市/旺苍县
  out=CN_四川省_广元市_旺苍县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/广元市/朝天区
  out=CN_四川省_广元市_朝天区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/广元市/苍溪县
  out=CN_四川省_广元市_苍溪县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/广元市/青川县
  out=CN_四川省_广元市_青川县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/广安市
  out=CN_四川省_广安市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/广安市/华蓥市
  out=CN_四川省_广安市_华蓥市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/广安市/岳池县
  out=CN_四川省_广安市_岳池县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/广安市/广安区
  out=CN_四川省_广安市_广安区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/广安市/武胜县
  out=CN_四川省_广安市_武胜县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/广安市/邻水县
  out=CN_四川省_广安市_邻水县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/德阳市
  out=CN_四川省_德阳市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/德阳市/中江县
  out=CN_四川省_德阳市_中江县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/德阳市/什邡市
  out=CN_四川省_德阳市_什邡市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/德阳市/广汉市
  out=CN_四川省_德阳市_广汉市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/德阳市/旌阳区
  out=CN_四川省_德阳市_旌阳区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/德阳市/绵竹市
  out=CN_四川省_德阳市_绵竹市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/德阳市/罗江县
  out=CN_四川省_德阳市_罗江县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/成都市
  out=CN_四川省_成都市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/成都市/双流县
  out=CN_四川省_成都市_双流县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/成都市/大邑县
  out=CN_四川省_成都市_大邑县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/成都市/崇州市
  out=CN_四川省_成都市_崇州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/成都市/彭州市
  out=CN_四川省_成都市_彭州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/成都市/成华区
  out=CN_四川省_成都市_成华区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/成都市/新津县
  out=CN_四川省_成都市_新津县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/成都市/新都区
  out=CN_四川省_成都市_新都区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/成都市/武侯区
  out=CN_四川省_成都市_武侯区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/成都市/温江区
  out=CN_四川省_成都市_温江区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/成都市/蒲江县
  out=CN_四川省_成都市_蒲江县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/成都市/邛崃市
  out=CN_四川省_成都市_邛崃市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/成都市/郫县
  out=CN_四川省_成都市_郫县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/成都市/都江堰市
  out=CN_四川省_成都市_都江堰市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/成都市/金堂县
  out=CN_四川省_成都市_金堂县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/成都市/金牛区
  out=CN_四川省_成都市_金牛区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/成都市/锦江区
  out=CN_四川省_成都市_锦江区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/成都市/青白江区
  out=CN_四川省_成都市_青白江区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/成都市/青羊区
  out=CN_四川省_成都市_青羊区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/成都市/龙泉驿区
  out=CN_四川省_成都市_龙泉驿区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/攀枝花市
  out=CN_四川省_攀枝花市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/攀枝花市/东区
  out=CN_四川省_攀枝花市_东区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/攀枝花市/仁和区
  out=CN_四川省_攀枝花市_仁和区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/攀枝花市/盐边县
  out=CN_四川省_攀枝花市_盐边县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/攀枝花市/米易县
  out=CN_四川省_攀枝花市_米易县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/攀枝花市/西区
  out=CN_四川省_攀枝花市_西区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/泸州市
  out=CN_四川省_泸州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/泸州市/叙永县
  out=CN_四川省_泸州市_叙永县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/泸州市/古蔺县
  out=CN_四川省_泸州市_古蔺县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/泸州市/合江县
  out=CN_四川省_泸州市_合江县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/泸州市/江阳区
  out=CN_四川省_泸州市_江阳区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/泸州市/泸县
  out=CN_四川省_泸州市_泸县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/泸州市/纳溪区
  out=CN_四川省_泸州市_纳溪区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/泸州市/龙马潭区
  out=CN_四川省_泸州市_龙马潭区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/甘孜藏族自治州
  out=CN_四川省_甘孜藏族自治州.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/甘孜藏族自治州/丹巴县
  out=CN_四川省_甘孜藏族自治州_丹巴县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/甘孜藏族自治州/九龙县
  out=CN_四川省_甘孜藏族自治州_九龙县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/甘孜藏族自治州/乡城县
  out=CN_四川省_甘孜藏族自治州_乡城县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/甘孜藏族自治州/巴塘县
  out=CN_四川省_甘孜藏族自治州_巴塘县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/甘孜藏族自治州/康定县
  out=CN_四川省_甘孜藏族自治州_康定县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/甘孜藏族自治州/得荣县
  out=CN_四川省_甘孜藏族自治州_得荣县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/甘孜藏族自治州/德格县
  out=CN_四川省_甘孜藏族自治州_德格县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/甘孜藏族自治州/新龙县
  out=CN_四川省_甘孜藏族自治州_新龙县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/甘孜藏族自治州/泸定县
  out=CN_四川省_甘孜藏族自治州_泸定县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/甘孜藏族自治州/炉霍县
  out=CN_四川省_甘孜藏族自治州_炉霍县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/甘孜藏族自治州/理塘县
  out=CN_四川省_甘孜藏族自治州_理塘县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/甘孜藏族自治州/甘孜县
  out=CN_四川省_甘孜藏族自治州_甘孜县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/甘孜藏族自治州/白玉县
  out=CN_四川省_甘孜藏族自治州_白玉县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/甘孜藏族自治州/石渠县
  out=CN_四川省_甘孜藏族自治州_石渠县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/甘孜藏族自治州/稻城县
  out=CN_四川省_甘孜藏族自治州_稻城县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/甘孜藏族自治州/色达县
  out=CN_四川省_甘孜藏族自治州_色达县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/甘孜藏族自治州/道孚县
  out=CN_四川省_甘孜藏族自治州_道孚县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/甘孜藏族自治州/雅江县
  out=CN_四川省_甘孜藏族自治州_雅江县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/眉山市
  out=CN_四川省_眉山市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/眉山市/东坡区
  out=CN_四川省_眉山市_东坡区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/眉山市/丹棱县
  out=CN_四川省_眉山市_丹棱县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/眉山市/仁寿县
  out=CN_四川省_眉山市_仁寿县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/眉山市/彭山县
  out=CN_四川省_眉山市_彭山县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/眉山市/洪雅县
  out=CN_四川省_眉山市_洪雅县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/眉山市/青神县
  out=CN_四川省_眉山市_青神县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/绵阳市
  out=CN_四川省_绵阳市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/绵阳市/三台县
  out=CN_四川省_绵阳市_三台县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/绵阳市/北川羌族自治县
  out=CN_四川省_绵阳市_北川羌族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/绵阳市/安县
  out=CN_四川省_绵阳市_安县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/绵阳市/平武县
  out=CN_四川省_绵阳市_平武县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/绵阳市/梓潼县
  out=CN_四川省_绵阳市_梓潼县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/绵阳市/江油市
  out=CN_四川省_绵阳市_江油市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/绵阳市/涪城区
  out=CN_四川省_绵阳市_涪城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/绵阳市/游仙区
  out=CN_四川省_绵阳市_游仙区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/绵阳市/盐亭县
  out=CN_四川省_绵阳市_盐亭县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/自贡市
  out=CN_四川省_自贡市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/自贡市/大安区
  out=CN_四川省_自贡市_大安区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/自贡市/富顺县
  out=CN_四川省_自贡市_富顺县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/自贡市/沿滩区
  out=CN_四川省_自贡市_沿滩区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/自贡市/自流井区
  out=CN_四川省_自贡市_自流井区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/自贡市/荣县
  out=CN_四川省_自贡市_荣县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/自贡市/贡井区
  out=CN_四川省_自贡市_贡井区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/资阳市
  out=CN_四川省_资阳市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/资阳市/乐至县
  out=CN_四川省_资阳市_乐至县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/资阳市/安岳县
  out=CN_四川省_资阳市_安岳县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/资阳市/简阳市
  out=CN_四川省_资阳市_简阳市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/资阳市/雁江区
  out=CN_四川省_资阳市_雁江区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/达州市
  out=CN_四川省_达州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/达州市/万源市
  out=CN_四川省_达州市_万源市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/达州市/大竹县
  out=CN_四川省_达州市_大竹县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/达州市/宣汉县
  out=CN_四川省_达州市_宣汉县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/达州市/开江县
  out=CN_四川省_达州市_开江县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/达州市/渠县
  out=CN_四川省_达州市_渠县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/达州市/达川区
  out=CN_四川省_达州市_达川区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/达州市/通川区
  out=CN_四川省_达州市_通川区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/遂宁市
  out=CN_四川省_遂宁市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/遂宁市/大英县
  out=CN_四川省_遂宁市_大英县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/遂宁市/安居区
  out=CN_四川省_遂宁市_安居区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/遂宁市/射洪县
  out=CN_四川省_遂宁市_射洪县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/遂宁市/船山区
  out=CN_四川省_遂宁市_船山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/遂宁市/蓬溪县
  out=CN_四川省_遂宁市_蓬溪县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/阿坝藏族羌族自治州
  out=CN_四川省_阿坝藏族羌族自治州.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/阿坝藏族羌族自治州/九寨沟县
  out=CN_四川省_阿坝藏族羌族自治州_九寨沟县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/阿坝藏族羌族自治州/壤塘县
  out=CN_四川省_阿坝藏族羌族自治州_壤塘县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/阿坝藏族羌族自治州/小金县
  out=CN_四川省_阿坝藏族羌族自治州_小金县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/阿坝藏族羌族自治州/松潘县
  out=CN_四川省_阿坝藏族羌族自治州_松潘县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/阿坝藏族羌族自治州/汶川县
  out=CN_四川省_阿坝藏族羌族自治州_汶川县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/阿坝藏族羌族自治州/理县
  out=CN_四川省_阿坝藏族羌族自治州_理县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/阿坝藏族羌族自治州/红原县
  out=CN_四川省_阿坝藏族羌族自治州_红原县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/阿坝藏族羌族自治州/若尔盖县
  out=CN_四川省_阿坝藏族羌族自治州_若尔盖县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/阿坝藏族羌族自治州/茂县
  out=CN_四川省_阿坝藏族羌族自治州_茂县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/阿坝藏族羌族自治州/金川县
  out=CN_四川省_阿坝藏族羌族自治州_金川县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/阿坝藏族羌族自治州/阿坝县
  out=CN_四川省_阿坝藏族羌族自治州_阿坝县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/阿坝藏族羌族自治州/马尔康县
  out=CN_四川省_阿坝藏族羌族自治州_马尔康县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/阿坝藏族羌族自治州/黑水县
  out=CN_四川省_阿坝藏族羌族自治州_黑水县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/雅安市
  out=CN_四川省_雅安市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/雅安市/名山区
  out=CN_四川省_雅安市_名山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/雅安市/天全县
  out=CN_四川省_雅安市_天全县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/雅安市/宝兴县
  out=CN_四川省_雅安市_宝兴县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/雅安市/汉源县
  out=CN_四川省_雅安市_汉源县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/雅安市/石棉县
  out=CN_四川省_雅安市_石棉县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/雅安市/芦山县
  out=CN_四川省_雅安市_芦山县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/雅安市/荥经县
  out=CN_四川省_雅安市_荥经县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/四川省/雅安市/雨城区
  out=CN_四川省_雅安市_雨城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/天津市
  out=CN_天津市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/天津市/东丽区
  out=CN_天津市_东丽区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/天津市/北辰区
  out=CN_天津市_北辰区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/天津市/南开区
  out=CN_天津市_南开区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/天津市/和平区
  out=CN_天津市_和平区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/天津市/宁河县
  out=CN_天津市_宁河县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/天津市/宝坻区
  out=CN_天津市_宝坻区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/天津市/武清区
  out=CN_天津市_武清区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/天津市/河东区
  out=CN_天津市_河东区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/天津市/河北区
  out=CN_天津市_河北区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/天津市/河西区
  out=CN_天津市_河西区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/天津市/津南区
  out=CN_天津市_津南区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/天津市/滨海新区
  out=CN_天津市_滨海新区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/天津市/红桥区
  out=CN_天津市_红桥区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/天津市/蓟县
  out=CN_天津市_蓟县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/天津市/西青区
  out=CN_天津市_西青区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/天津市/静海县
  out=CN_天津市_静海县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/宁夏回族自治区
  out=CN_宁夏回族自治区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/宁夏回族自治区/中卫市
  out=CN_宁夏回族自治区_中卫市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/宁夏回族自治区/中卫市/中宁县
  out=CN_宁夏回族自治区_中卫市_中宁县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/宁夏回族自治区/中卫市/沙坡头区
  out=CN_宁夏回族自治区_中卫市_沙坡头区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/宁夏回族自治区/中卫市/海原县
  out=CN_宁夏回族自治区_中卫市_海原县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/宁夏回族自治区/吴忠市
  out=CN_宁夏回族自治区_吴忠市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/宁夏回族自治区/吴忠市/利通区
  out=CN_宁夏回族自治区_吴忠市_利通区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/宁夏回族自治区/吴忠市/同心县
  out=CN_宁夏回族自治区_吴忠市_同心县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/宁夏回族自治区/吴忠市/盐池县
  out=CN_宁夏回族自治区_吴忠市_盐池县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/宁夏回族自治区/吴忠市/青铜峡市
  out=CN_宁夏回族自治区_吴忠市_青铜峡市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/宁夏回族自治区/固原市
  out=CN_宁夏回族自治区_固原市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/宁夏回族自治区/固原市/原州区
  out=CN_宁夏回族自治区_固原市_原州区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/宁夏回族自治区/固原市/彭阳县
  out=CN_宁夏回族自治区_固原市_彭阳县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/宁夏回族自治区/固原市/泾源县
  out=CN_宁夏回族自治区_固原市_泾源县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/宁夏回族自治区/固原市/西吉县
  out=CN_宁夏回族自治区_固原市_西吉县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/宁夏回族自治区/固原市/隆德县
  out=CN_宁夏回族自治区_固原市_隆德县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/宁夏回族自治区/石嘴山市
  out=CN_宁夏回族自治区_石嘴山市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/宁夏回族自治区/石嘴山市/大武口区
  out=CN_宁夏回族自治区_石嘴山市_大武口区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/宁夏回族自治区/石嘴山市/平罗县
  out=CN_宁夏回族自治区_石嘴山市_平罗县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/宁夏回族自治区/石嘴山市/惠农区
  out=CN_宁夏回族自治区_石嘴山市_惠农区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/宁夏回族自治区/银川市
  out=CN_宁夏回族自治区_银川市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/宁夏回族自治区/银川市/兴庆区
  out=CN_宁夏回族自治区_银川市_兴庆区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/宁夏回族自治区/银川市/永宁县
  out=CN_宁夏回族自治区_银川市_永宁县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/宁夏回族自治区/银川市/灵武市
  out=CN_宁夏回族自治区_银川市_灵武市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/宁夏回族自治区/银川市/西夏区
  out=CN_宁夏回族自治区_银川市_西夏区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/宁夏回族自治区/银川市/贺兰县
  out=CN_宁夏回族自治区_银川市_贺兰县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/宁夏回族自治区/银川市/金凤区
  out=CN_宁夏回族自治区_银川市_金凤区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省
  out=CN_安徽省.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/亳州市
  out=CN_安徽省_亳州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/亳州市/利辛县
  out=CN_安徽省_亳州市_利辛县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/亳州市/涡阳县
  out=CN_安徽省_亳州市_涡阳县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/亳州市/蒙城县
  out=CN_安徽省_亳州市_蒙城县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/亳州市/谯城区
  out=CN_安徽省_亳州市_谯城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/六安市
  out=CN_安徽省_六安市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/六安市/寿县
  out=CN_安徽省_六安市_寿县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/六安市/舒城县
  out=CN_安徽省_六安市_舒城县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/六安市/裕安区
  out=CN_安徽省_六安市_裕安区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/六安市/金安区
  out=CN_安徽省_六安市_金安区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/六安市/金寨县
  out=CN_安徽省_六安市_金寨县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/六安市/霍山县
  out=CN_安徽省_六安市_霍山县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/六安市/霍邱县
  out=CN_安徽省_六安市_霍邱县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/合肥市
  out=CN_安徽省_合肥市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/合肥市/包河区
  out=CN_安徽省_合肥市_包河区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/合肥市/庐阳区
  out=CN_安徽省_合肥市_庐阳区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/合肥市/瑶海区
  out=CN_安徽省_合肥市_瑶海区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/合肥市/肥东县
  out=CN_安徽省_合肥市_肥东县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/合肥市/肥西县
  out=CN_安徽省_合肥市_肥西县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/合肥市/蜀山区
  out=CN_安徽省_合肥市_蜀山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/合肥市/长丰县
  out=CN_安徽省_合肥市_长丰县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/安庆市
  out=CN_安徽省_安庆市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/安庆市/大观区
  out=CN_安徽省_安庆市_大观区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/安庆市/太湖县
  out=CN_安徽省_安庆市_太湖县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/安庆市/宜秀区
  out=CN_安徽省_安庆市_宜秀区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/安庆市/宿松县
  out=CN_安徽省_安庆市_宿松县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/安庆市/岳西县
  out=CN_安徽省_安庆市_岳西县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/安庆市/怀宁县
  out=CN_安徽省_安庆市_怀宁县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/安庆市/望江县
  out=CN_安徽省_安庆市_望江县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/安庆市/枞阳县
  out=CN_安徽省_安庆市_枞阳县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/安庆市/桐城市
  out=CN_安徽省_安庆市_桐城市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/安庆市/潜山县
  out=CN_安徽省_安庆市_潜山县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/安庆市/迎江区
  out=CN_安徽省_安庆市_迎江区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/宣城市
  out=CN_安徽省_宣城市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/宣城市/宁国市
  out=CN_安徽省_宣城市_宁国市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/宣城市/宣州区
  out=CN_安徽省_宣城市_宣州区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/宣城市/广德县
  out=CN_安徽省_宣城市_广德县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/宣城市/旌德县
  out=CN_安徽省_宣城市_旌德县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/宣城市/泾县
  out=CN_安徽省_宣城市_泾县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/宣城市/绩溪县
  out=CN_安徽省_宣城市_绩溪县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/宣城市/郎溪县
  out=CN_安徽省_宣城市_郎溪县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/宿州市
  out=CN_安徽省_宿州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/宿州市/埇桥区
  out=CN_安徽省_宿州市_埇桥区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/宿州市/泗县
  out=CN_安徽省_宿州市_泗县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/宿州市/灵璧县
  out=CN_安徽省_宿州市_灵璧县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/宿州市/砀山县
  out=CN_安徽省_宿州市_砀山县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/宿州市/萧县
  out=CN_安徽省_宿州市_萧县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/巢湖市
  out=CN_安徽省_巢湖市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/巢湖市/含山县
  out=CN_安徽省_巢湖市_含山县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/巢湖市/和县
  out=CN_安徽省_巢湖市_和县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/巢湖市/居巢区
  out=CN_安徽省_巢湖市_居巢区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/巢湖市/庐江县
  out=CN_安徽省_巢湖市_庐江县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/巢湖市/无为县
  out=CN_安徽省_巢湖市_无为县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/池州市
  out=CN_安徽省_池州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/池州市/东至县
  out=CN_安徽省_池州市_东至县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/池州市/石台县
  out=CN_安徽省_池州市_石台县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/池州市/贵池区
  out=CN_安徽省_池州市_贵池区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/池州市/青阳县
  out=CN_安徽省_池州市_青阳县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/淮北市
  out=CN_安徽省_淮北市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/淮北市/杜集区
  out=CN_安徽省_淮北市_杜集区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/淮北市/濉溪县
  out=CN_安徽省_淮北市_濉溪县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/淮北市/烈山区
  out=CN_安徽省_淮北市_烈山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/淮北市/相山区
  out=CN_安徽省_淮北市_相山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/淮南市
  out=CN_安徽省_淮南市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/淮南市/八公山区
  out=CN_安徽省_淮南市_八公山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/淮南市/凤台县
  out=CN_安徽省_淮南市_凤台县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/淮南市/大通区
  out=CN_安徽省_淮南市_大通区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/淮南市/潘集区
  out=CN_安徽省_淮南市_潘集区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/淮南市/田家庵区
  out=CN_安徽省_淮南市_田家庵区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/淮南市/谢家集区
  out=CN_安徽省_淮南市_谢家集区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/滁州市
  out=CN_安徽省_滁州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/滁州市/全椒县
  out=CN_安徽省_滁州市_全椒县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/滁州市/凤阳县
  out=CN_安徽省_滁州市_凤阳县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/滁州市/南谯区
  out=CN_安徽省_滁州市_南谯区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/滁州市/天长市
  out=CN_安徽省_滁州市_天长市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/滁州市/定远县
  out=CN_安徽省_滁州市_定远县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/滁州市/明光市
  out=CN_安徽省_滁州市_明光市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/滁州市/来安县
  out=CN_安徽省_滁州市_来安县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/滁州市/琅琊区
  out=CN_安徽省_滁州市_琅琊区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/芜湖市
  out=CN_安徽省_芜湖市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/芜湖市/三山区
  out=CN_安徽省_芜湖市_三山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/芜湖市/南陵县
  out=CN_安徽省_芜湖市_南陵县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/芜湖市/弋江区
  out=CN_安徽省_芜湖市_弋江区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/芜湖市/繁昌县
  out=CN_安徽省_芜湖市_繁昌县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/芜湖市/芜湖县
  out=CN_安徽省_芜湖市_芜湖县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/芜湖市/镜湖区
  out=CN_安徽省_芜湖市_镜湖区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/芜湖市/鸠江区
  out=CN_安徽省_芜湖市_鸠江区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/蚌埠市
  out=CN_安徽省_蚌埠市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/蚌埠市/五河县
  out=CN_安徽省_蚌埠市_五河县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/蚌埠市/固镇县
  out=CN_安徽省_蚌埠市_固镇县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/蚌埠市/怀远县
  out=CN_安徽省_蚌埠市_怀远县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/蚌埠市/淮上区
  out=CN_安徽省_蚌埠市_淮上区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/蚌埠市/禹会区
  out=CN_安徽省_蚌埠市_禹会区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/蚌埠市/蚌山区
  out=CN_安徽省_蚌埠市_蚌山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/蚌埠市/龙子湖区
  out=CN_安徽省_蚌埠市_龙子湖区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/铜陵市
  out=CN_安徽省_铜陵市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/铜陵市/狮子山区
  out=CN_安徽省_铜陵市_狮子山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/铜陵市/郊区
  out=CN_安徽省_铜陵市_郊区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/铜陵市/铜官山区
  out=CN_安徽省_铜陵市_铜官山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/铜陵市/铜陵县
  out=CN_安徽省_铜陵市_铜陵县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/阜阳市
  out=CN_安徽省_阜阳市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/阜阳市/临泉县
  out=CN_安徽省_阜阳市_临泉县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/阜阳市/太和县
  out=CN_安徽省_阜阳市_太和县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/阜阳市/界首市
  out=CN_安徽省_阜阳市_界首市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/阜阳市/阜南县
  out=CN_安徽省_阜阳市_阜南县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/阜阳市/颍上县
  out=CN_安徽省_阜阳市_颍上县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/阜阳市/颍东区
  out=CN_安徽省_阜阳市_颍东区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/阜阳市/颍州区
  out=CN_安徽省_阜阳市_颍州区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/阜阳市/颍泉区
  out=CN_安徽省_阜阳市_颍泉区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/马鞍山市
  out=CN_安徽省_马鞍山市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/马鞍山市/当涂县
  out=CN_安徽省_马鞍山市_当涂县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/马鞍山市/花山区
  out=CN_安徽省_马鞍山市_花山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/马鞍山市/金家庄区
  out=CN_安徽省_马鞍山市_金家庄区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/马鞍山市/雨山区
  out=CN_安徽省_马鞍山市_雨山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/黄山市
  out=CN_安徽省_黄山市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/黄山市/休宁县
  out=CN_安徽省_黄山市_休宁县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/黄山市/屯溪区
  out=CN_安徽省_黄山市_屯溪区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/黄山市/徽州区
  out=CN_安徽省_黄山市_徽州区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/黄山市/歙县
  out=CN_安徽省_黄山市_歙县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/黄山市/祁门县
  out=CN_安徽省_黄山市_祁门县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/黄山市/黄山区
  out=CN_安徽省_黄山市_黄山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/安徽省/黄山市/黟县
  out=CN_安徽省_黄山市_黟县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省
  out=CN_山东省.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/东营市
  out=CN_山东省_东营市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/东营市/东营区
  out=CN_山东省_东营市_东营区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/东营市/利津县
  out=CN_山东省_东营市_利津县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/东营市/垦利县
  out=CN_山东省_东营市_垦利县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/东营市/广饶县
  out=CN_山东省_东营市_广饶县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/东营市/河口区
  out=CN_山东省_东营市_河口区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/临沂市
  out=CN_山东省_临沂市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/临沂市/临沭县
  out=CN_山东省_临沂市_临沭县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/临沂市/兰山区
  out=CN_山东省_临沂市_兰山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/临沂市/平邑县
  out=CN_山东省_临沂市_平邑县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/临沂市/沂南县
  out=CN_山东省_临沂市_沂南县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/临沂市/沂水县
  out=CN_山东省_临沂市_沂水县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/临沂市/河东区
  out=CN_山东省_临沂市_河东区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/临沂市/罗庄区
  out=CN_山东省_临沂市_罗庄区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/临沂市/苍山县
  out=CN_山东省_临沂市_苍山县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/临沂市/莒南县
  out=CN_山东省_临沂市_莒南县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/临沂市/蒙阴县
  out=CN_山东省_临沂市_蒙阴县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/临沂市/费县
  out=CN_山东省_临沂市_费县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/临沂市/郯城县
  out=CN_山东省_临沂市_郯城县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/威海市
  out=CN_山东省_威海市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/威海市/乳山市
  out=CN_山东省_威海市_乳山市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/威海市/文登区
  out=CN_山东省_威海市_文登区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/威海市/环翠区
  out=CN_山东省_威海市_环翠区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/威海市/荣成市
  out=CN_山东省_威海市_荣成市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/德州市
  out=CN_山东省_德州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/德州市/临邑县
  out=CN_山东省_德州市_临邑县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/德州市/乐陵市
  out=CN_山东省_德州市_乐陵市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/德州市/夏津县
  out=CN_山东省_德州市_夏津县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/德州市/宁津县
  out=CN_山东省_德州市_宁津县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/德州市/平原县
  out=CN_山东省_德州市_平原县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/德州市/庆云县
  out=CN_山东省_德州市_庆云县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/德州市/德城区
  out=CN_山东省_德州市_德城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/德州市/武城县
  out=CN_山东省_德州市_武城县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/德州市/禹城市
  out=CN_山东省_德州市_禹城市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/德州市/陵县
  out=CN_山东省_德州市_陵县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/德州市/齐河县
  out=CN_山东省_德州市_齐河县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/日照市
  out=CN_山东省_日照市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/日照市/东港区
  out=CN_山东省_日照市_东港区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/日照市/五莲县
  out=CN_山东省_日照市_五莲县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/日照市/岚山区
  out=CN_山东省_日照市_岚山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/日照市/莒县
  out=CN_山东省_日照市_莒县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/枣庄市
  out=CN_山东省_枣庄市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/枣庄市/台儿庄区
  out=CN_山东省_枣庄市_台儿庄区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/枣庄市/山亭区
  out=CN_山东省_枣庄市_山亭区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/枣庄市/峄城区
  out=CN_山东省_枣庄市_峄城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/枣庄市/市中区
  out=CN_山东省_枣庄市_市中区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/枣庄市/滕州市
  out=CN_山东省_枣庄市_滕州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/枣庄市/薛城区
  out=CN_山东省_枣庄市_薛城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/泰安市
  out=CN_山东省_泰安市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/泰安市/东平县
  out=CN_山东省_泰安市_东平县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/泰安市/宁阳县
  out=CN_山东省_泰安市_宁阳县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/泰安市/岱岳区
  out=CN_山东省_泰安市_岱岳区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/泰安市/新泰市
  out=CN_山东省_泰安市_新泰市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/泰安市/泰山区
  out=CN_山东省_泰安市_泰山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/泰安市/肥城市
  out=CN_山东省_泰安市_肥城市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/济南市
  out=CN_山东省_济南市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/济南市/历下区
  out=CN_山东省_济南市_历下区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/济南市/历城区
  out=CN_山东省_济南市_历城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/济南市/商河县
  out=CN_山东省_济南市_商河县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/济南市/天桥区
  out=CN_山东省_济南市_天桥区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/济南市/市中区
  out=CN_山东省_济南市_市中区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/济南市/平阴县
  out=CN_山东省_济南市_平阴县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/济南市/槐荫区
  out=CN_山东省_济南市_槐荫区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/济南市/济阳县
  out=CN_山东省_济南市_济阳县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/济南市/章丘市
  out=CN_山东省_济南市_章丘市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/济南市/长清区
  out=CN_山东省_济南市_长清区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/济宁市
  out=CN_山东省_济宁市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/济宁市/任城区
  out=CN_山东省_济宁市_任城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/济宁市/兖州市
  out=CN_山东省_济宁市_兖州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/济宁市/嘉祥县
  out=CN_山东省_济宁市_嘉祥县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/济宁市/市中区
  out=CN_山东省_济宁市_市中区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/济宁市/微山县
  out=CN_山东省_济宁市_微山县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/济宁市/曲阜市
  out=CN_山东省_济宁市_曲阜市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/济宁市/梁山县
  out=CN_山东省_济宁市_梁山县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/济宁市/汶上县
  out=CN_山东省_济宁市_汶上县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/济宁市/泗水县
  out=CN_山东省_济宁市_泗水县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/济宁市/邹城市
  out=CN_山东省_济宁市_邹城市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/济宁市/金乡县
  out=CN_山东省_济宁市_金乡县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/济宁市/鱼台县
  out=CN_山东省_济宁市_鱼台县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/淄博市
  out=CN_山东省_淄博市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/淄博市/临淄区
  out=CN_山东省_淄博市_临淄区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/淄博市/博山区
  out=CN_山东省_淄博市_博山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/淄博市/周村区
  out=CN_山东省_淄博市_周村区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/淄博市/张店区
  out=CN_山东省_淄博市_张店区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/淄博市/桓台县
  out=CN_山东省_淄博市_桓台县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/淄博市/沂源县
  out=CN_山东省_淄博市_沂源县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/淄博市/淄川区
  out=CN_山东省_淄博市_淄川区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/淄博市/高青县
  out=CN_山东省_淄博市_高青县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/滨州市
  out=CN_山东省_滨州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/滨州市/博兴县
  out=CN_山东省_滨州市_博兴县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/滨州市/惠民县
  out=CN_山东省_滨州市_惠民县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/滨州市/无棣县
  out=CN_山东省_滨州市_无棣县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/滨州市/沾化县
  out=CN_山东省_滨州市_沾化县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/滨州市/滨城区
  out=CN_山东省_滨州市_滨城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/滨州市/邹平县
  out=CN_山东省_滨州市_邹平县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/滨州市/阳信县
  out=CN_山东省_滨州市_阳信县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/潍坊市
  out=CN_山东省_潍坊市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/潍坊市/临朐县
  out=CN_山东省_潍坊市_临朐县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/潍坊市/坊子区
  out=CN_山东省_潍坊市_坊子区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/潍坊市/奎文区
  out=CN_山东省_潍坊市_奎文区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/潍坊市/安丘市
  out=CN_山东省_潍坊市_安丘市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/潍坊市/寒亭区
  out=CN_山东省_潍坊市_寒亭区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/潍坊市/寿光市
  out=CN_山东省_潍坊市_寿光市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/潍坊市/昌乐县
  out=CN_山东省_潍坊市_昌乐县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/潍坊市/昌邑市
  out=CN_山东省_潍坊市_昌邑市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/潍坊市/潍城区
  out=CN_山东省_潍坊市_潍城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/潍坊市/诸城市
  out=CN_山东省_潍坊市_诸城市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/潍坊市/青州市
  out=CN_山东省_潍坊市_青州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/潍坊市/高密市
  out=CN_山东省_潍坊市_高密市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/烟台市
  out=CN_山东省_烟台市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/烟台市/招远市
  out=CN_山东省_烟台市_招远市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/烟台市/栖霞市
  out=CN_山东省_烟台市_栖霞市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/烟台市/海阳市
  out=CN_山东省_烟台市_海阳市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/烟台市/牟平区
  out=CN_山东省_烟台市_牟平区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/烟台市/福山区
  out=CN_山东省_烟台市_福山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/烟台市/芝罘区
  out=CN_山东省_烟台市_芝罘区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/烟台市/莱山区
  out=CN_山东省_烟台市_莱山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/烟台市/莱州市
  out=CN_山东省_烟台市_莱州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/烟台市/莱阳市
  out=CN_山东省_烟台市_莱阳市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/烟台市/蓬莱市
  out=CN_山东省_烟台市_蓬莱市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/烟台市/长岛县
  out=CN_山东省_烟台市_长岛县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/烟台市/龙口市
  out=CN_山东省_烟台市_龙口市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/聊城市
  out=CN_山东省_聊城市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/聊城市/东昌府区
  out=CN_山东省_聊城市_东昌府区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/聊城市/东阿县
  out=CN_山东省_聊城市_东阿县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/聊城市/临清市
  out=CN_山东省_聊城市_临清市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/聊城市/冠县
  out=CN_山东省_聊城市_冠县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/聊城市/茌平县
  out=CN_山东省_聊城市_茌平县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/聊城市/莘县
  out=CN_山东省_聊城市_莘县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/聊城市/阳谷县
  out=CN_山东省_聊城市_阳谷县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/聊城市/高唐县
  out=CN_山东省_聊城市_高唐县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/莱芜市
  out=CN_山东省_莱芜市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/莱芜市/莱城区
  out=CN_山东省_莱芜市_莱城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/莱芜市/钢城区
  out=CN_山东省_莱芜市_钢城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/菏泽市
  out=CN_山东省_菏泽市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/菏泽市/东明县
  out=CN_山东省_菏泽市_东明县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/菏泽市/单县
  out=CN_山东省_菏泽市_单县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/菏泽市/定陶县
  out=CN_山东省_菏泽市_定陶县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/菏泽市/巨野县
  out=CN_山东省_菏泽市_巨野县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/菏泽市/成武县
  out=CN_山东省_菏泽市_成武县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/菏泽市/曹县
  out=CN_山东省_菏泽市_曹县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/菏泽市/牡丹区
  out=CN_山东省_菏泽市_牡丹区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/菏泽市/郓城县
  out=CN_山东省_菏泽市_郓城县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/菏泽市/鄄城县
  out=CN_山东省_菏泽市_鄄城县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/青岛市
  out=CN_山东省_青岛市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/青岛市/即墨市
  out=CN_山东省_青岛市_即墨市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/青岛市/四方区
  out=CN_山东省_青岛市_四方区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/青岛市/城阳区
  out=CN_山东省_青岛市_城阳区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/青岛市/崂山区
  out=CN_山东省_青岛市_崂山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/青岛市/市北区
  out=CN_山东省_青岛市_市北区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/青岛市/市南区
  out=CN_山东省_青岛市_市南区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/青岛市/平度市
  out=CN_山东省_青岛市_平度市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/青岛市/李沧区
  out=CN_山东省_青岛市_李沧区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/青岛市/胶南市
  out=CN_山东省_青岛市_胶南市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/青岛市/胶州市
  out=CN_山东省_青岛市_胶州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/青岛市/莱西市
  out=CN_山东省_青岛市_莱西市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山东省/青岛市/黄岛区
  out=CN_山东省_青岛市_黄岛区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省
  out=CN_山西省.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/临汾市
  out=CN_山西省_临汾市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/临汾市/乡宁县
  out=CN_山西省_临汾市_乡宁县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/临汾市/侯马市
  out=CN_山西省_临汾市_侯马市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/临汾市/古县
  out=CN_山西省_临汾市_古县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/临汾市/吉县
  out=CN_山西省_临汾市_吉县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/临汾市/大宁县
  out=CN_山西省_临汾市_大宁县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/临汾市/安泽县
  out=CN_山西省_临汾市_安泽县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/临汾市/尧都区
  out=CN_山西省_临汾市_尧都区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/临汾市/曲沃县
  out=CN_山西省_临汾市_曲沃县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/临汾市/永和县
  out=CN_山西省_临汾市_永和县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/临汾市/汾西县
  out=CN_山西省_临汾市_汾西县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/临汾市/洪洞县
  out=CN_山西省_临汾市_洪洞县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/临汾市/浮山县
  out=CN_山西省_临汾市_浮山县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/临汾市/翼城县
  out=CN_山西省_临汾市_翼城县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/临汾市/蒲县
  out=CN_山西省_临汾市_蒲县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/临汾市/襄汾县
  out=CN_山西省_临汾市_襄汾县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/临汾市/隰县
  out=CN_山西省_临汾市_隰县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/临汾市/霍州市
  out=CN_山西省_临汾市_霍州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/吕梁市
  out=CN_山西省_吕梁市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/吕梁市/中阳县
  out=CN_山西省_吕梁市_中阳县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/吕梁市/临县
  out=CN_山西省_吕梁市_临县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/吕梁市/交口县
  out=CN_山西省_吕梁市_交口县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/吕梁市/交城县
  out=CN_山西省_吕梁市_交城县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/吕梁市/兴县
  out=CN_山西省_吕梁市_兴县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/吕梁市/孝义市
  out=CN_山西省_吕梁市_孝义市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/吕梁市/岚县
  out=CN_山西省_吕梁市_岚县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/吕梁市/文水县
  out=CN_山西省_吕梁市_文水县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/吕梁市/方山县
  out=CN_山西省_吕梁市_方山县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/吕梁市/柳林县
  out=CN_山西省_吕梁市_柳林县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/吕梁市/汾阳市
  out=CN_山西省_吕梁市_汾阳市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/吕梁市/石楼县
  out=CN_山西省_吕梁市_石楼县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/吕梁市/离石区
  out=CN_山西省_吕梁市_离石区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/大同市
  out=CN_山西省_大同市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/大同市/南郊区
  out=CN_山西省_大同市_南郊区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/大同市/城区
  out=CN_山西省_大同市_城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/大同市/大同县
  out=CN_山西省_大同市_大同县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/大同市/天镇县
  out=CN_山西省_大同市_天镇县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/大同市/左云县
  out=CN_山西省_大同市_左云县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/大同市/广灵县
  out=CN_山西省_大同市_广灵县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/大同市/新荣区
  out=CN_山西省_大同市_新荣区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/大同市/浑源县
  out=CN_山西省_大同市_浑源县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/大同市/灵丘县
  out=CN_山西省_大同市_灵丘县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/大同市/矿区
  out=CN_山西省_大同市_矿区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/大同市/阳高县
  out=CN_山西省_大同市_阳高县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/太原市
  out=CN_山西省_太原市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/太原市/万柏林区
  out=CN_山西省_太原市_万柏林区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/太原市/古交市
  out=CN_山西省_太原市_古交市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/太原市/娄烦县
  out=CN_山西省_太原市_娄烦县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/太原市/小店区
  out=CN_山西省_太原市_小店区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/太原市/尖草坪区
  out=CN_山西省_太原市_尖草坪区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/太原市/晋源区
  out=CN_山西省_太原市_晋源区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/太原市/杏花岭区
  out=CN_山西省_太原市_杏花岭区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/太原市/清徐县
  out=CN_山西省_太原市_清徐县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/太原市/迎泽区
  out=CN_山西省_太原市_迎泽区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/太原市/阳曲县
  out=CN_山西省_太原市_阳曲县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/忻州市
  out=CN_山西省_忻州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/忻州市/五台县
  out=CN_山西省_忻州市_五台县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/忻州市/五寨县
  out=CN_山西省_忻州市_五寨县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/忻州市/代县
  out=CN_山西省_忻州市_代县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/忻州市/保德县
  out=CN_山西省_忻州市_保德县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/忻州市/偏关县
  out=CN_山西省_忻州市_偏关县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/忻州市/原平市
  out=CN_山西省_忻州市_原平市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/忻州市/宁武县
  out=CN_山西省_忻州市_宁武县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/忻州市/定襄县
  out=CN_山西省_忻州市_定襄县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/忻州市/岢岚县
  out=CN_山西省_忻州市_岢岚县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/忻州市/忻府区
  out=CN_山西省_忻州市_忻府区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/忻州市/河曲县
  out=CN_山西省_忻州市_河曲县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/忻州市/神池县
  out=CN_山西省_忻州市_神池县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/忻州市/繁峙县
  out=CN_山西省_忻州市_繁峙县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/忻州市/静乐县
  out=CN_山西省_忻州市_静乐县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/晋中市
  out=CN_山西省_晋中市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/晋中市/介休市
  out=CN_山西省_晋中市_介休市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/晋中市/和顺县
  out=CN_山西省_晋中市_和顺县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/晋中市/太谷县
  out=CN_山西省_晋中市_太谷县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/晋中市/寿阳县
  out=CN_山西省_晋中市_寿阳县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/晋中市/左权县
  out=CN_山西省_晋中市_左权县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/晋中市/平遥县
  out=CN_山西省_晋中市_平遥县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/晋中市/昔阳县
  out=CN_山西省_晋中市_昔阳县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/晋中市/榆次区
  out=CN_山西省_晋中市_榆次区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/晋中市/榆社县
  out=CN_山西省_晋中市_榆社县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/晋中市/灵石县
  out=CN_山西省_晋中市_灵石县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/晋中市/祁县
  out=CN_山西省_晋中市_祁县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/晋城市
  out=CN_山西省_晋城市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/晋城市/城区
  out=CN_山西省_晋城市_城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/晋城市/沁水县
  out=CN_山西省_晋城市_沁水县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/晋城市/泽州县
  out=CN_山西省_晋城市_泽州县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/晋城市/阳城县
  out=CN_山西省_晋城市_阳城县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/晋城市/陵川县
  out=CN_山西省_晋城市_陵川县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/晋城市/高平市
  out=CN_山西省_晋城市_高平市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/朔州市
  out=CN_山西省_朔州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/朔州市/右玉县
  out=CN_山西省_朔州市_右玉县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/朔州市/山阴县
  out=CN_山西省_朔州市_山阴县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/朔州市/平鲁区
  out=CN_山西省_朔州市_平鲁区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/朔州市/应县
  out=CN_山西省_朔州市_应县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/朔州市/怀仁县
  out=CN_山西省_朔州市_怀仁县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/朔州市/朔城区
  out=CN_山西省_朔州市_朔城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/运城市
  out=CN_山西省_运城市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/运城市/万荣县
  out=CN_山西省_运城市_万荣县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/运城市/临猗县
  out=CN_山西省_运城市_临猗县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/运城市/垣曲县
  out=CN_山西省_运城市_垣曲县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/运城市/夏县
  out=CN_山西省_运城市_夏县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/运城市/平陆县
  out=CN_山西省_运城市_平陆县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/运城市/新绛县
  out=CN_山西省_运城市_新绛县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/运城市/永济市
  out=CN_山西省_运城市_永济市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/运城市/河津市
  out=CN_山西省_运城市_河津市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/运城市/盐湖区
  out=CN_山西省_运城市_盐湖区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/运城市/稷山县
  out=CN_山西省_运城市_稷山县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/运城市/绛县
  out=CN_山西省_运城市_绛县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/运城市/芮城县
  out=CN_山西省_运城市_芮城县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/运城市/闻喜县
  out=CN_山西省_运城市_闻喜县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/长治市
  out=CN_山西省_长治市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/长治市/城区
  out=CN_山西省_长治市_城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/长治市/壶关县
  out=CN_山西省_长治市_壶关县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/长治市/屯留县
  out=CN_山西省_长治市_屯留县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/长治市/平顺县
  out=CN_山西省_长治市_平顺县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/长治市/武乡县
  out=CN_山西省_长治市_武乡县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/长治市/沁县
  out=CN_山西省_长治市_沁县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/长治市/沁源县
  out=CN_山西省_长治市_沁源县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/长治市/潞城市
  out=CN_山西省_长治市_潞城市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/长治市/襄垣县
  out=CN_山西省_长治市_襄垣县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/长治市/郊区
  out=CN_山西省_长治市_郊区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/长治市/长子县
  out=CN_山西省_长治市_长子县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/长治市/长治县
  out=CN_山西省_长治市_长治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/长治市/黎城县
  out=CN_山西省_长治市_黎城县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/阳泉市
  out=CN_山西省_阳泉市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/阳泉市/城区
  out=CN_山西省_阳泉市_城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/阳泉市/平定县
  out=CN_山西省_阳泉市_平定县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/阳泉市/盂县
  out=CN_山西省_阳泉市_盂县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/阳泉市/矿区
  out=CN_山西省_阳泉市_矿区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/山西省/阳泉市/郊区
  out=CN_山西省_阳泉市_郊区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省
  out=CN_广东省.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/东莞市
  out=CN_广东省_东莞市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/中山市
  out=CN_广东省_中山市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/云浮市
  out=CN_广东省_云浮市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/云浮市/云城区
  out=CN_广东省_云浮市_云城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/云浮市/云安县
  out=CN_广东省_云浮市_云安县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/云浮市/新兴县
  out=CN_广东省_云浮市_新兴县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/云浮市/罗定市
  out=CN_广东省_云浮市_罗定市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/云浮市/郁南县
  out=CN_广东省_云浮市_郁南县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/佛山市
  out=CN_广东省_佛山市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/佛山市/三水区
  out=CN_广东省_佛山市_三水区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/佛山市/南海区
  out=CN_广东省_佛山市_南海区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/佛山市/禅城区
  out=CN_广东省_佛山市_禅城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/佛山市/顺德区
  out=CN_广东省_佛山市_顺德区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/佛山市/高明区
  out=CN_广东省_佛山市_高明区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/广州市
  out=CN_广东省_广州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/广州市/从化区
  out=CN_广东省_广州市_从化区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/广州市/南沙区
  out=CN_广东省_广州市_南沙区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/广州市/增城区
  out=CN_广东省_广州市_增城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/广州市/天河区
  out=CN_广东省_广州市_天河区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/广州市/海珠区
  out=CN_广东省_广州市_海珠区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/广州市/番禺区
  out=CN_广东省_广州市_番禺区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/广州市/白云区
  out=CN_广东省_广州市_白云区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/广州市/花都区
  out=CN_广东省_广州市_花都区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/广州市/荔湾区
  out=CN_广东省_广州市_荔湾区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/广州市/越秀区
  out=CN_广东省_广州市_越秀区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/广州市/黄埔区
  out=CN_广东省_广州市_黄埔区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/惠州市
  out=CN_广东省_惠州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/惠州市/博罗县
  out=CN_广东省_惠州市_博罗县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/惠州市/惠东县
  out=CN_广东省_惠州市_惠东县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/惠州市/惠城区
  out=CN_广东省_惠州市_惠城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/惠州市/惠阳区
  out=CN_广东省_惠州市_惠阳区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/惠州市/龙门县
  out=CN_广东省_惠州市_龙门县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/揭阳市
  out=CN_广东省_揭阳市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/揭阳市/惠来县
  out=CN_广东省_揭阳市_惠来县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/揭阳市/揭东县
  out=CN_广东省_揭阳市_揭东县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/揭阳市/揭西县
  out=CN_广东省_揭阳市_揭西县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/揭阳市/普宁市
  out=CN_广东省_揭阳市_普宁市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/揭阳市/榕城区
  out=CN_广东省_揭阳市_榕城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/梅州市
  out=CN_广东省_梅州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/梅州市/丰顺县
  out=CN_广东省_梅州市_丰顺县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/梅州市/五华县
  out=CN_广东省_梅州市_五华县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/梅州市/兴宁市
  out=CN_广东省_梅州市_兴宁市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/梅州市/大埔县
  out=CN_广东省_梅州市_大埔县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/梅州市/平远县
  out=CN_广东省_梅州市_平远县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/梅州市/梅县
  out=CN_广东省_梅州市_梅县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/梅州市/梅江区
  out=CN_广东省_梅州市_梅江区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/梅州市/蕉岭县
  out=CN_广东省_梅州市_蕉岭县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/汕头市
  out=CN_广东省_汕头市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/汕头市/南澳县
  out=CN_广东省_汕头市_南澳县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/汕头市/潮南区
  out=CN_广东省_汕头市_潮南区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/汕头市/潮阳区
  out=CN_广东省_汕头市_潮阳区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/汕头市/澄海区
  out=CN_广东省_汕头市_澄海区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/汕头市/濠江区
  out=CN_广东省_汕头市_濠江区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/汕头市/金平区
  out=CN_广东省_汕头市_金平区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/汕头市/龙湖区
  out=CN_广东省_汕头市_龙湖区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/汕尾市
  out=CN_广东省_汕尾市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/汕尾市/城区
  out=CN_广东省_汕尾市_城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/汕尾市/海丰县
  out=CN_广东省_汕尾市_海丰县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/汕尾市/陆丰市
  out=CN_广东省_汕尾市_陆丰市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/汕尾市/陆河县
  out=CN_广东省_汕尾市_陆河县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/江门市
  out=CN_广东省_江门市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/江门市/台山市
  out=CN_广东省_江门市_台山市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/江门市/开平市
  out=CN_广东省_江门市_开平市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/江门市/恩平市
  out=CN_广东省_江门市_恩平市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/江门市/新会区
  out=CN_广东省_江门市_新会区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/江门市/江海区
  out=CN_广东省_江门市_江海区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/江门市/蓬江区
  out=CN_广东省_江门市_蓬江区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/江门市/鹤山市
  out=CN_广东省_江门市_鹤山市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/河源市
  out=CN_广东省_河源市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/河源市/东源县
  out=CN_广东省_河源市_东源县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/河源市/和平县
  out=CN_广东省_河源市_和平县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/河源市/源城区
  out=CN_广东省_河源市_源城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/河源市/紫金县
  out=CN_广东省_河源市_紫金县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/河源市/连平县
  out=CN_广东省_河源市_连平县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/河源市/龙川县
  out=CN_广东省_河源市_龙川县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/深圳市
  out=CN_广东省_深圳市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/深圳市/南山区
  out=CN_广东省_深圳市_南山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/深圳市/宝安区
  out=CN_广东省_深圳市_宝安区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/深圳市/盐田区
  out=CN_广东省_深圳市_盐田区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/深圳市/福田区
  out=CN_广东省_深圳市_福田区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/深圳市/罗湖区
  out=CN_广东省_深圳市_罗湖区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/深圳市/龙岗区
  out=CN_广东省_深圳市_龙岗区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/清远市
  out=CN_广东省_清远市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/清远市/佛冈县
  out=CN_广东省_清远市_佛冈县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/清远市/清城区
  out=CN_广东省_清远市_清城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/清远市/清新县
  out=CN_广东省_清远市_清新县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/清远市/英德市
  out=CN_广东省_清远市_英德市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/清远市/连南瑶族自治县
  out=CN_广东省_清远市_连南瑶族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/清远市/连山壮族瑶族自治县
  out=CN_广东省_清远市_连山壮族瑶族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/清远市/连州市
  out=CN_广东省_清远市_连州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/清远市/阳山县
  out=CN_广东省_清远市_阳山县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/湛江市
  out=CN_广东省_湛江市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/湛江市/吴川市
  out=CN_广东省_湛江市_吴川市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/湛江市/坡头区
  out=CN_广东省_湛江市_坡头区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/湛江市/廉江市
  out=CN_广东省_湛江市_廉江市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/湛江市/徐闻县
  out=CN_广东省_湛江市_徐闻县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/湛江市/赤坎区
  out=CN_广东省_湛江市_赤坎区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/湛江市/遂溪县
  out=CN_广东省_湛江市_遂溪县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/湛江市/雷州市
  out=CN_广东省_湛江市_雷州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/湛江市/霞山区
  out=CN_广东省_湛江市_霞山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/湛江市/麻章区
  out=CN_广东省_湛江市_麻章区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/潮州市
  out=CN_广东省_潮州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/潮州市/湘桥区
  out=CN_广东省_潮州市_湘桥区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/潮州市/潮安县
  out=CN_广东省_潮州市_潮安县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/潮州市/饶平县
  out=CN_广东省_潮州市_饶平县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/珠海市
  out=CN_广东省_珠海市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/珠海市/斗门区
  out=CN_广东省_珠海市_斗门区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/珠海市/金湾区
  out=CN_广东省_珠海市_金湾区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/珠海市/香洲区
  out=CN_广东省_珠海市_香洲区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/肇庆市
  out=CN_广东省_肇庆市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/肇庆市/四会市
  out=CN_广东省_肇庆市_四会市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/肇庆市/封开县
  out=CN_广东省_肇庆市_封开县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/肇庆市/广宁县
  out=CN_广东省_肇庆市_广宁县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/肇庆市/德庆县
  out=CN_广东省_肇庆市_德庆县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/肇庆市/怀集县
  out=CN_广东省_肇庆市_怀集县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/肇庆市/端州区
  out=CN_广东省_肇庆市_端州区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/肇庆市/高要市
  out=CN_广东省_肇庆市_高要市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/肇庆市/鼎湖区
  out=CN_广东省_肇庆市_鼎湖区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/茂名市
  out=CN_广东省_茂名市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/茂名市/信宜市
  out=CN_广东省_茂名市_信宜市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/茂名市/化州市
  out=CN_广东省_茂名市_化州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/茂名市/电白区
  out=CN_广东省_茂名市_电白区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/茂名市/茂南区
  out=CN_广东省_茂名市_茂南区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/茂名市/高州市
  out=CN_广东省_茂名市_高州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/阳江市
  out=CN_广东省_阳江市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/阳江市/江城区
  out=CN_广东省_阳江市_江城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/阳江市/阳东县
  out=CN_广东省_阳江市_阳东县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/阳江市/阳春市
  out=CN_广东省_阳江市_阳春市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/阳江市/阳西县
  out=CN_广东省_阳江市_阳西县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/韶关市
  out=CN_广东省_韶关市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/韶关市/乐昌市
  out=CN_广东省_韶关市_乐昌市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/韶关市/乳源瑶族自治县
  out=CN_广东省_韶关市_乳源瑶族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/韶关市/仁化县
  out=CN_广东省_韶关市_仁化县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/韶关市/南雄市
  out=CN_广东省_韶关市_南雄市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/韶关市/始兴县
  out=CN_广东省_韶关市_始兴县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/韶关市/新丰县
  out=CN_广东省_韶关市_新丰县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/韶关市/曲江区
  out=CN_广东省_韶关市_曲江区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/韶关市/武江区
  out=CN_广东省_韶关市_武江区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/韶关市/浈江区
  out=CN_广东省_韶关市_浈江区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广东省/韶关市/翁源县
  out=CN_广东省_韶关市_翁源县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/北海市
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_北海市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/北海市/合浦县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_北海市_合浦县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/北海市/海城区
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_北海市_海城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/北海市/铁山港区
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_北海市_铁山港区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/北海市/银海区
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_北海市_银海区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/南宁市
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_南宁市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/南宁市/上林县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_南宁市_上林县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/南宁市/兴宁区
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_南宁市_兴宁区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/南宁市/宾阳县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_南宁市_宾阳县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/南宁市/横县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_南宁市_横县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/南宁市/武鸣县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_南宁市_武鸣县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/南宁市/江南区
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_南宁市_江南区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/南宁市/良庆区
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_南宁市_良庆区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/南宁市/西乡塘区
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_南宁市_西乡塘区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/南宁市/邕宁区
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_南宁市_邕宁区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/南宁市/隆安县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_南宁市_隆安县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/南宁市/青秀区
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_南宁市_青秀区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/南宁市/马山县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_南宁市_马山县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/崇左市
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_崇左市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/崇左市/凭祥市
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_崇左市_凭祥市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/崇左市/大新县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_崇左市_大新县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/崇左市/天等县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_崇左市_天等县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/崇左市/宁明县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_崇左市_宁明县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/崇左市/扶绥县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_崇左市_扶绥县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/崇左市/江洲区
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_崇左市_江洲区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/崇左市/龙州县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_崇左市_龙州县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/来宾市
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_来宾市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/来宾市/兴宾区
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_来宾市_兴宾区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/来宾市/合山市
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_来宾市_合山市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/来宾市/忻城县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_来宾市_忻城县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/来宾市/武宣县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_来宾市_武宣县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/来宾市/象州县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_来宾市_象州县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/来宾市/金秀瑶族自治县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_来宾市_金秀瑶族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/柳州市
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_柳州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/柳州市/三江侗族自治县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_柳州市_三江侗族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/柳州市/城中区
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_柳州市_城中区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/柳州市/柳北区
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_柳州市_柳北区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/柳州市/柳南区
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_柳州市_柳南区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/柳州市/柳城县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_柳州市_柳城县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/柳州市/柳江县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_柳州市_柳江县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/柳州市/融安县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_柳州市_融安县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/柳州市/融水苗族自治县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_柳州市_融水苗族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/柳州市/鱼峰区
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_柳州市_鱼峰区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/柳州市/鹿寨县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_柳州市_鹿寨县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/桂林市
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_桂林市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/桂林市/七星区
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_桂林市_七星区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/桂林市/临桂区
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_桂林市_临桂区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/桂林市/全州县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_桂林市_全州县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/桂林市/兴安县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_桂林市_兴安县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/桂林市/叠彩区
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_桂林市_叠彩区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/桂林市/平乐县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_桂林市_平乐县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/桂林市/恭城瑶族自治县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_桂林市_恭城瑶族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/桂林市/永福县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_桂林市_永福县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/桂林市/灌阳县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_桂林市_灌阳县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/桂林市/灵川县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_桂林市_灵川县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/桂林市/秀峰区
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_桂林市_秀峰区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/桂林市/荔浦县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_桂林市_荔浦县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/桂林市/象山区
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_桂林市_象山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/桂林市/资源县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_桂林市_资源县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/桂林市/阳朔县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_桂林市_阳朔县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/桂林市/雁山区
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_桂林市_雁山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/桂林市/龙胜各族自治县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_桂林市_龙胜各族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/梧州市
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_梧州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/梧州市/万秀区
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_梧州市_万秀区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/梧州市/岑溪市
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_梧州市_岑溪市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/梧州市/苍梧县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_梧州市_苍梧县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/梧州市/蒙山县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_梧州市_蒙山县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/梧州市/藤县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_梧州市_藤县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/梧州市/蝶山区
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_梧州市_蝶山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/梧州市/长洲区
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_梧州市_长洲区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/河池市
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_河池市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/河池市/东兰县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_河池市_东兰县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/河池市/凤山县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_河池市_凤山县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/河池市/南丹县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_河池市_南丹县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/河池市/大化瑶族自治县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_河池市_大化瑶族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/河池市/天峨县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_河池市_天峨县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/河池市/宜州市
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_河池市_宜州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/河池市/巴马瑶族自治县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_河池市_巴马瑶族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/河池市/环江毛南族自治县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_河池市_环江毛南族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/河池市/罗城仫佬族自治县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_河池市_罗城仫佬族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/河池市/都安瑶族自治县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_河池市_都安瑶族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/河池市/金城江区
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_河池市_金城江区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/玉林市
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_玉林市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/玉林市/兴业县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_玉林市_兴业县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/玉林市/北流市
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_玉林市_北流市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/玉林市/博白县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_玉林市_博白县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/玉林市/容县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_玉林市_容县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/玉林市/玉州区
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_玉林市_玉州区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/玉林市/陆川县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_玉林市_陆川县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/百色市
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_百色市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/百色市/乐业县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_百色市_乐业县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/百色市/凌云县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_百色市_凌云县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/百色市/右江区
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_百色市_右江区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/百色市/平果县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_百色市_平果县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/百色市/德保县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_百色市_德保县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/百色市/田东县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_百色市_田东县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/百色市/田林县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_百色市_田林县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/百色市/田阳县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_百色市_田阳县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/百色市/西林县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_百色市_西林县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/百色市/那坡县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_百色市_那坡县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/百色市/隆林各族自治县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_百色市_隆林各族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/百色市/靖西县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_百色市_靖西县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/贵港市
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_贵港市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/贵港市/平南县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_贵港市_平南县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/贵港市/桂平市
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_贵港市_桂平市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/贵港市/港北区
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_贵港市_港北区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/贵港市/港南区
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_贵港市_港南区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/贵港市/覃塘区
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_贵港市_覃塘区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/贺州市
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_贺州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/贺州市/八步区
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_贺州市_八步区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/贺州市/富川瑶族自治县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_贺州市_富川瑶族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/贺州市/昭平县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_贺州市_昭平县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/贺州市/钟山县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_贺州市_钟山县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/钦州市
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_钦州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/钦州市/浦北县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_钦州市_浦北县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/钦州市/灵山县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_钦州市_灵山县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/钦州市/钦北区
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_钦州市_钦北区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/钦州市/钦南区
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_钦州市_钦南区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/防城港市
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_防城港市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/防城港市/上思县
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_防城港市_上思县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/防城港市/东兴市
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_防城港市_东兴市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/防城港市/港口区
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_防城港市_港口区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/广西壮族自治区/防城港市/防城区
  out=CN_广西壮族自治区_防城港市_防城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/乌鲁木齐市
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_乌鲁木齐市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/乌鲁木齐市/乌鲁木齐县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_乌鲁木齐市_乌鲁木齐县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/乌鲁木齐市/天山区
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_乌鲁木齐市_天山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/乌鲁木齐市/头屯河区
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_乌鲁木齐市_头屯河区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/乌鲁木齐市/新市区
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_乌鲁木齐市_新市区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/乌鲁木齐市/水磨沟区
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_乌鲁木齐市_水磨沟区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/乌鲁木齐市/沙依巴克区
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_乌鲁木齐市_沙依巴克区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/乌鲁木齐市/米东区
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_乌鲁木齐市_米东区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/乌鲁木齐市/达坂城区
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_乌鲁木齐市_达坂城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/五家渠市
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_五家渠市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/伊犁哈萨克自治州
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_伊犁哈萨克自治州.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/伊犁哈萨克自治州/伊宁县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_伊犁哈萨克自治州_伊宁县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/伊犁哈萨克自治州/伊宁市
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_伊犁哈萨克自治州_伊宁市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/伊犁哈萨克自治州/奎屯市
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_伊犁哈萨克自治州_奎屯市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/伊犁哈萨克自治州/察布查尔锡伯自治县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_伊犁哈萨克自治州_察布查尔锡伯自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/伊犁哈萨克自治州/尼勒克县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_伊犁哈萨克自治州_尼勒克县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/伊犁哈萨克自治州/巩留县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_伊犁哈萨克自治州_巩留县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/伊犁哈萨克自治州/新源县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_伊犁哈萨克自治州_新源县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/伊犁哈萨克自治州/昭苏县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_伊犁哈萨克自治州_昭苏县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/伊犁哈萨克自治州/特克斯县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_伊犁哈萨克自治州_特克斯县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/伊犁哈萨克自治州/霍城县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_伊犁哈萨克自治州_霍城县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/克孜勒苏柯尔克孜自治州
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_克孜勒苏柯尔克孜自治州.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/克孜勒苏柯尔克孜自治州/乌恰县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_克孜勒苏柯尔克孜自治州_乌恰县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/克孜勒苏柯尔克孜自治州/阿克陶县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_克孜勒苏柯尔克孜自治州_阿克陶县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/克孜勒苏柯尔克孜自治州/阿合奇县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_克孜勒苏柯尔克孜自治州_阿合奇县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/克孜勒苏柯尔克孜自治州/阿图什市
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_克孜勒苏柯尔克孜自治州_阿图什市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/克拉玛依市
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_克拉玛依市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/克拉玛依市/乌尔禾区
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_克拉玛依市_乌尔禾区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/克拉玛依市/克拉玛依区
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_克拉玛依市_克拉玛依区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/克拉玛依市/独山子区
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_克拉玛依市_独山子区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/克拉玛依市/白碱滩区
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_克拉玛依市_白碱滩区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/博尔塔拉蒙古自治州
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_博尔塔拉蒙古自治州.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/博尔塔拉蒙古自治州/博乐市
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_博尔塔拉蒙古自治州_博乐市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/博尔塔拉蒙古自治州/温泉县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_博尔塔拉蒙古自治州_温泉县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/博尔塔拉蒙古自治州/精河县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_博尔塔拉蒙古自治州_精河县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/吐鲁番地区
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_吐鲁番地区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/吐鲁番地区/吐鲁番市
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_吐鲁番地区_吐鲁番市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/吐鲁番地区/托克逊县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_吐鲁番地区_托克逊县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/吐鲁番地区/鄯善县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_吐鲁番地区_鄯善县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/和田地区
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_和田地区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/和田地区/于田县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_和田地区_于田县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/和田地区/和田县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_和田地区_和田县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/和田地区/和田市
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_和田地区_和田市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/和田地区/墨玉县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_和田地区_墨玉县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/和田地区/民丰县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_和田地区_民丰县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/和田地区/洛浦县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_和田地区_洛浦县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/和田地区/皮山县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_和田地区_皮山县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/和田地区/策勒县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_和田地区_策勒县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/哈密地区
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_哈密地区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/哈密地区/伊吾县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_哈密地区_伊吾县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/哈密地区/哈密市
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_哈密地区_哈密市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/哈密地区/巴里坤哈萨克自治县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_哈密地区_巴里坤哈萨克自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/喀什地区
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_喀什地区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/喀什地区/伽师县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_喀什地区_伽师县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/喀什地区/叶城县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_喀什地区_叶城县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/喀什地区/喀什市
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_喀什地区_喀什市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/喀什地区/塔什库尔干塔吉克自治县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_喀什地区_塔什库尔干塔吉克自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/喀什地区/岳普湖县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_喀什地区_岳普湖县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/喀什地区/巴楚县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_喀什地区_巴楚县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/喀什地区/泽普县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_喀什地区_泽普县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/喀什地区/疏勒县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_喀什地区_疏勒县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/喀什地区/疏附县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_喀什地区_疏附县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/喀什地区/英吉沙县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_喀什地区_英吉沙县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/喀什地区/莎车县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_喀什地区_莎车县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/喀什地区/麦盖提县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_喀什地区_麦盖提县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/图木舒克市
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_图木舒克市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/塔城地区
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_塔城地区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/塔城地区/乌苏市
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_塔城地区_乌苏市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/塔城地区/和布克赛尔蒙古自治县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_塔城地区_和布克赛尔蒙古自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/塔城地区/塔城市
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_塔城地区_塔城市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/塔城地区/托里县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_塔城地区_托里县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/塔城地区/沙湾县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_塔城地区_沙湾县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/塔城地区/裕民县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_塔城地区_裕民县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/塔城地区/额敏县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_塔城地区_额敏县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/巴音郭楞蒙古自治州
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_巴音郭楞蒙古自治州.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/巴音郭楞蒙古自治州/且末县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_巴音郭楞蒙古自治州_且末县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/巴音郭楞蒙古自治州/博湖县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_巴音郭楞蒙古自治州_博湖县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/巴音郭楞蒙古自治州/和硕县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_巴音郭楞蒙古自治州_和硕县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/巴音郭楞蒙古自治州/和静县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_巴音郭楞蒙古自治州_和静县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/巴音郭楞蒙古自治州/尉犁县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_巴音郭楞蒙古自治州_尉犁县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/巴音郭楞蒙古自治州/库尔勒市
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_巴音郭楞蒙古自治州_库尔勒市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/巴音郭楞蒙古自治州/焉耆回族自治县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_巴音郭楞蒙古自治州_焉耆回族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/巴音郭楞蒙古自治州/若羌县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_巴音郭楞蒙古自治州_若羌县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/巴音郭楞蒙古自治州/轮台县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_巴音郭楞蒙古自治州_轮台县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/昌吉回族自治州
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_昌吉回族自治州.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/昌吉回族自治州/吉木萨尔县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_昌吉回族自治州_吉木萨尔县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/昌吉回族自治州/呼图壁县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_昌吉回族自治州_呼图壁县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/昌吉回族自治州/奇台县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_昌吉回族自治州_奇台县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/昌吉回族自治州/昌吉市
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_昌吉回族自治州_昌吉市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/昌吉回族自治州/木垒哈萨克自治县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_昌吉回族自治州_木垒哈萨克自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/昌吉回族自治州/玛纳斯县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_昌吉回族自治州_玛纳斯县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/昌吉回族自治州/阜康市
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_昌吉回族自治州_阜康市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/石河子市
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_石河子市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/阿克苏地区
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_阿克苏地区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/阿克苏地区/乌什县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_阿克苏地区_乌什县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/阿克苏地区/库车县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_阿克苏地区_库车县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/阿克苏地区/拜城县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_阿克苏地区_拜城县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/阿克苏地区/新和县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_阿克苏地区_新和县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/阿克苏地区/柯坪县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_阿克苏地区_柯坪县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/阿克苏地区/沙雅县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_阿克苏地区_沙雅县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/阿克苏地区/温宿县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_阿克苏地区_温宿县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/阿克苏地区/阿克苏市
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_阿克苏地区_阿克苏市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/阿克苏地区/阿瓦提县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_阿克苏地区_阿瓦提县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/阿勒泰地区
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_阿勒泰地区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/阿勒泰地区/吉木乃县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_阿勒泰地区_吉木乃县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/阿勒泰地区/哈巴河县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_阿勒泰地区_哈巴河县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/阿勒泰地区/富蕴县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_阿勒泰地区_富蕴县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/阿勒泰地区/布尔津县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_阿勒泰地区_布尔津县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/阿勒泰地区/福海县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_阿勒泰地区_福海县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/阿勒泰地区/阿勒泰市
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_阿勒泰地区_阿勒泰市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/阿勒泰地区/青河县
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_阿勒泰地区_青河县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/新疆维吾尔自治区/阿拉尔市
  out=CN_新疆维吾尔自治区_阿拉尔市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省
  out=CN_江苏省.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/南京市
  out=CN_江苏省_南京市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/南京市/六合区
  out=CN_江苏省_南京市_六合区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/南京市/建邺区
  out=CN_江苏省_南京市_建邺区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/南京市/栖霞区
  out=CN_江苏省_南京市_栖霞区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/南京市/江宁区
  out=CN_江苏省_南京市_江宁区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/南京市/浦口区
  out=CN_江苏省_南京市_浦口区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/南京市/溧水区
  out=CN_江苏省_南京市_溧水区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/南京市/玄武区
  out=CN_江苏省_南京市_玄武区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/南京市/秦淮区
  out=CN_江苏省_南京市_秦淮区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/南京市/雨花台区
  out=CN_江苏省_南京市_雨花台区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/南京市/高淳区
  out=CN_江苏省_南京市_高淳区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/南京市/鼓楼区
  out=CN_江苏省_南京市_鼓楼区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/南通市
  out=CN_江苏省_南通市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/南通市/启东市
  out=CN_江苏省_南通市_启东市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/南通市/如东县
  out=CN_江苏省_南通市_如东县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/南通市/如皋市
  out=CN_江苏省_南通市_如皋市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/南通市/崇川区
  out=CN_江苏省_南通市_崇川区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/南通市/海安县
  out=CN_江苏省_南通市_海安县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/南通市/海门市
  out=CN_江苏省_南通市_海门市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/南通市/港闸区
  out=CN_江苏省_南通市_港闸区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/南通市/通州市
  out=CN_江苏省_南通市_通州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/宿迁市
  out=CN_江苏省_宿迁市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/宿迁市/宿城区
  out=CN_江苏省_宿迁市_宿城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/宿迁市/宿豫区
  out=CN_江苏省_宿迁市_宿豫区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/宿迁市/沭阳县
  out=CN_江苏省_宿迁市_沭阳县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/宿迁市/泗洪县
  out=CN_江苏省_宿迁市_泗洪县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/宿迁市/泗阳县
  out=CN_江苏省_宿迁市_泗阳县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/常州市
  out=CN_江苏省_常州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/常州市/天宁区
  out=CN_江苏省_常州市_天宁区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/常州市/戚墅堰区
  out=CN_江苏省_常州市_戚墅堰区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/常州市/新北区
  out=CN_江苏省_常州市_新北区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/常州市/武进区
  out=CN_江苏省_常州市_武进区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/常州市/溧阳市
  out=CN_江苏省_常州市_溧阳市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/常州市/金坛市
  out=CN_江苏省_常州市_金坛市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/常州市/钟楼区
  out=CN_江苏省_常州市_钟楼区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/徐州市
  out=CN_江苏省_徐州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/徐州市/丰县
  out=CN_江苏省_徐州市_丰县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/徐州市/九里区
  out=CN_江苏省_徐州市_九里区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/徐州市/云龙区
  out=CN_江苏省_徐州市_云龙区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/徐州市/新沂市
  out=CN_江苏省_徐州市_新沂市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/徐州市/沛县
  out=CN_江苏省_徐州市_沛县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/徐州市/泉山区
  out=CN_江苏省_徐州市_泉山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/徐州市/睢宁县
  out=CN_江苏省_徐州市_睢宁县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/徐州市/贾汪区
  out=CN_江苏省_徐州市_贾汪区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/徐州市/邳州市
  out=CN_江苏省_徐州市_邳州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/徐州市/铜山县
  out=CN_江苏省_徐州市_铜山县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/徐州市/鼓楼区
  out=CN_江苏省_徐州市_鼓楼区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/扬州市
  out=CN_江苏省_扬州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/扬州市/仪征市
  out=CN_江苏省_扬州市_仪征市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/扬州市/宝应县
  out=CN_江苏省_扬州市_宝应县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/扬州市/广陵区
  out=CN_江苏省_扬州市_广陵区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/扬州市/江都市
  out=CN_江苏省_扬州市_江都市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/扬州市/维扬区
  out=CN_江苏省_扬州市_维扬区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/扬州市/邗江区
  out=CN_江苏省_扬州市_邗江区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/扬州市/高邮市
  out=CN_江苏省_扬州市_高邮市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/无锡市
  out=CN_江苏省_无锡市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/无锡市/北塘区
  out=CN_江苏省_无锡市_北塘区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/无锡市/南长区
  out=CN_江苏省_无锡市_南长区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/无锡市/宜兴市
  out=CN_江苏省_无锡市_宜兴市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/无锡市/崇安区
  out=CN_江苏省_无锡市_崇安区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/无锡市/惠山区
  out=CN_江苏省_无锡市_惠山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/无锡市/江阴市
  out=CN_江苏省_无锡市_江阴市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/无锡市/滨湖区
  out=CN_江苏省_无锡市_滨湖区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/无锡市/锡山区
  out=CN_江苏省_无锡市_锡山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/泰州市
  out=CN_江苏省_泰州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/泰州市/兴化市
  out=CN_江苏省_泰州市_兴化市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/泰州市/姜堰市
  out=CN_江苏省_泰州市_姜堰市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/泰州市/泰兴市
  out=CN_江苏省_泰州市_泰兴市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/泰州市/海陵区
  out=CN_江苏省_泰州市_海陵区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/泰州市/靖江市
  out=CN_江苏省_泰州市_靖江市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/泰州市/高港区
  out=CN_江苏省_泰州市_高港区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/淮安市
  out=CN_江苏省_淮安市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/淮安市/楚州区
  out=CN_江苏省_淮安市_楚州区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/淮安市/洪泽县
  out=CN_江苏省_淮安市_洪泽县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/淮安市/涟水县
  out=CN_江苏省_淮安市_涟水县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/淮安市/淮阴区
  out=CN_江苏省_淮安市_淮阴区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/淮安市/清河区
  out=CN_江苏省_淮安市_清河区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/淮安市/清浦区
  out=CN_江苏省_淮安市_清浦区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/淮安市/盱眙县
  out=CN_江苏省_淮安市_盱眙县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/淮安市/金湖县
  out=CN_江苏省_淮安市_金湖县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/盐城市
  out=CN_江苏省_盐城市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/盐城市/东台市
  out=CN_江苏省_盐城市_东台市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/盐城市/亭湖区
  out=CN_江苏省_盐城市_亭湖区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/盐城市/响水县
  out=CN_江苏省_盐城市_响水县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/盐城市/大丰市
  out=CN_江苏省_盐城市_大丰市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/盐城市/射阳县
  out=CN_江苏省_盐城市_射阳县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/盐城市/建湖县
  out=CN_江苏省_盐城市_建湖县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/盐城市/滨海县
  out=CN_江苏省_盐城市_滨海县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/盐城市/盐都区
  out=CN_江苏省_盐城市_盐都区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/盐城市/阜宁县
  out=CN_江苏省_盐城市_阜宁县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/苏州市
  out=CN_江苏省_苏州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/苏州市/吴中区
  out=CN_江苏省_苏州市_吴中区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/苏州市/吴江区
  out=CN_江苏省_苏州市_吴江区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/苏州市/太仓市
  out=CN_江苏省_苏州市_太仓市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/苏州市/姑苏区
  out=CN_江苏省_苏州市_姑苏区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/苏州市/常熟市
  out=CN_江苏省_苏州市_常熟市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/苏州市/张家港市
  out=CN_江苏省_苏州市_张家港市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/苏州市/昆山市
  out=CN_江苏省_苏州市_昆山市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/苏州市/相城区
  out=CN_江苏省_苏州市_相城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/苏州市/虎丘区
  out=CN_江苏省_苏州市_虎丘区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/连云港市
  out=CN_江苏省_连云港市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/连云港市/东海县
  out=CN_江苏省_连云港市_东海县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/连云港市/新浦区
  out=CN_江苏省_连云港市_新浦区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/连云港市/海州区
  out=CN_江苏省_连云港市_海州区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/连云港市/灌云县
  out=CN_江苏省_连云港市_灌云县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/连云港市/灌南县
  out=CN_江苏省_连云港市_灌南县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/连云港市/赣榆县
  out=CN_江苏省_连云港市_赣榆县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/连云港市/连云区
  out=CN_江苏省_连云港市_连云区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/镇江市
  out=CN_江苏省_镇江市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/镇江市/丹徒区
  out=CN_江苏省_镇江市_丹徒区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/镇江市/丹阳市
  out=CN_江苏省_镇江市_丹阳市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/镇江市/京口区
  out=CN_江苏省_镇江市_京口区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/镇江市/句容市
  out=CN_江苏省_镇江市_句容市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/镇江市/扬中市
  out=CN_江苏省_镇江市_扬中市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江苏省/镇江市/润州区
  out=CN_江苏省_镇江市_润州区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省
  out=CN_江西省.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/上饶市
  out=CN_江西省_上饶市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/上饶市/万年县
  out=CN_江西省_上饶市_万年县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/上饶市/上饶县
  out=CN_江西省_上饶市_上饶县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/上饶市/余干县
  out=CN_江西省_上饶市_余干县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/上饶市/信州区
  out=CN_江西省_上饶市_信州区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/上饶市/婺源县
  out=CN_江西省_上饶市_婺源县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/上饶市/广丰县
  out=CN_江西省_上饶市_广丰县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/上饶市/弋阳县
  out=CN_江西省_上饶市_弋阳县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/上饶市/德兴市
  out=CN_江西省_上饶市_德兴市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/上饶市/横峰县
  out=CN_江西省_上饶市_横峰县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/上饶市/玉山县
  out=CN_江西省_上饶市_玉山县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/上饶市/鄱阳县
  out=CN_江西省_上饶市_鄱阳县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/上饶市/铅山县
  out=CN_江西省_上饶市_铅山县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/九江市
  out=CN_江西省_九江市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/九江市/九江县
  out=CN_江西省_九江市_九江县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/九江市/修水县
  out=CN_江西省_九江市_修水县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/九江市/庐山区
  out=CN_江西省_九江市_庐山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/九江市/彭泽县
  out=CN_江西省_九江市_彭泽县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/九江市/德安县
  out=CN_江西省_九江市_德安县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/九江市/星子县
  out=CN_江西省_九江市_星子县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/九江市/武宁县
  out=CN_江西省_九江市_武宁县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/九江市/永修县
  out=CN_江西省_九江市_永修县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/九江市/浔阳区
  out=CN_江西省_九江市_浔阳区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/九江市/湖口县
  out=CN_江西省_九江市_湖口县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/九江市/瑞昌市
  out=CN_江西省_九江市_瑞昌市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/九江市/都昌县
  out=CN_江西省_九江市_都昌县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/南昌市
  out=CN_江西省_南昌市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/南昌市/东湖区
  out=CN_江西省_南昌市_东湖区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/南昌市/南昌县
  out=CN_江西省_南昌市_南昌县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/南昌市/安义县
  out=CN_江西省_南昌市_安义县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/南昌市/新建县
  out=CN_江西省_南昌市_新建县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/南昌市/湾里区
  out=CN_江西省_南昌市_湾里区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/南昌市/西湖区
  out=CN_江西省_南昌市_西湖区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/南昌市/进贤县
  out=CN_江西省_南昌市_进贤县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/南昌市/青云谱区
  out=CN_江西省_南昌市_青云谱区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/南昌市/青山湖区
  out=CN_江西省_南昌市_青山湖区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/吉安市
  out=CN_江西省_吉安市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/吉安市/万安县
  out=CN_江西省_吉安市_万安县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/吉安市/井冈山市
  out=CN_江西省_吉安市_井冈山市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/吉安市/吉安县
  out=CN_江西省_吉安市_吉安县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/吉安市/吉州区
  out=CN_江西省_吉安市_吉州区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/吉安市/吉水县
  out=CN_江西省_吉安市_吉水县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/吉安市/安福县
  out=CN_江西省_吉安市_安福县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/吉安市/峡江县
  out=CN_江西省_吉安市_峡江县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/吉安市/新干县
  out=CN_江西省_吉安市_新干县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/吉安市/永丰县
  out=CN_江西省_吉安市_永丰县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/吉安市/永新县
  out=CN_江西省_吉安市_永新县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/吉安市/泰和县
  out=CN_江西省_吉安市_泰和县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/吉安市/遂川县
  out=CN_江西省_吉安市_遂川县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/吉安市/青原区
  out=CN_江西省_吉安市_青原区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/宜春市
  out=CN_江西省_宜春市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/宜春市/万载县
  out=CN_江西省_宜春市_万载县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/宜春市/上高县
  out=CN_江西省_宜春市_上高县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/宜春市/丰城市
  out=CN_江西省_宜春市_丰城市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/宜春市/奉新县
  out=CN_江西省_宜春市_奉新县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/宜春市/宜丰县
  out=CN_江西省_宜春市_宜丰县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/宜春市/樟树市
  out=CN_江西省_宜春市_樟树市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/宜春市/袁州区
  out=CN_江西省_宜春市_袁州区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/宜春市/铜鼓县
  out=CN_江西省_宜春市_铜鼓县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/宜春市/靖安县
  out=CN_江西省_宜春市_靖安县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/宜春市/高安市
  out=CN_江西省_宜春市_高安市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/抚州市
  out=CN_江西省_抚州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/抚州市/东乡县
  out=CN_江西省_抚州市_东乡县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/抚州市/临川区
  out=CN_江西省_抚州市_临川区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/抚州市/乐安县
  out=CN_江西省_抚州市_乐安县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/抚州市/南丰县
  out=CN_江西省_抚州市_南丰县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/抚州市/南城县
  out=CN_江西省_抚州市_南城县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/抚州市/宜黄县
  out=CN_江西省_抚州市_宜黄县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/抚州市/崇仁县
  out=CN_江西省_抚州市_崇仁县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/抚州市/广昌县
  out=CN_江西省_抚州市_广昌县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/抚州市/资溪县
  out=CN_江西省_抚州市_资溪县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/抚州市/金溪县
  out=CN_江西省_抚州市_金溪县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/抚州市/黎川县
  out=CN_江西省_抚州市_黎川县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/新余市
  out=CN_江西省_新余市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/新余市/分宜县
  out=CN_江西省_新余市_分宜县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/新余市/渝水区
  out=CN_江西省_新余市_渝水区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/景德镇市
  out=CN_江西省_景德镇市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/景德镇市/乐平市
  out=CN_江西省_景德镇市_乐平市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/景德镇市/昌江区
  out=CN_江西省_景德镇市_昌江区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/景德镇市/浮梁县
  out=CN_江西省_景德镇市_浮梁县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/景德镇市/珠山区
  out=CN_江西省_景德镇市_珠山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/萍乡市
  out=CN_江西省_萍乡市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/萍乡市/上栗县
  out=CN_江西省_萍乡市_上栗县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/萍乡市/安源区
  out=CN_江西省_萍乡市_安源区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/萍乡市/湘东区
  out=CN_江西省_萍乡市_湘东区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/萍乡市/芦溪县
  out=CN_江西省_萍乡市_芦溪县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/萍乡市/莲花县
  out=CN_江西省_萍乡市_莲花县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/赣州市
  out=CN_江西省_赣州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/赣州市/上犹县
  out=CN_江西省_赣州市_上犹县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/赣州市/于都县
  out=CN_江西省_赣州市_于都县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/赣州市/会昌县
  out=CN_江西省_赣州市_会昌县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/赣州市/信丰县
  out=CN_江西省_赣州市_信丰县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/赣州市/全南县
  out=CN_江西省_赣州市_全南县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/赣州市/兴国县
  out=CN_江西省_赣州市_兴国县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/赣州市/南康市
  out=CN_江西省_赣州市_南康市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/赣州市/大余县
  out=CN_江西省_赣州市_大余县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/赣州市/宁都县
  out=CN_江西省_赣州市_宁都县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/赣州市/安远县
  out=CN_江西省_赣州市_安远县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/赣州市/定南县
  out=CN_江西省_赣州市_定南县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/赣州市/寻乌县
  out=CN_江西省_赣州市_寻乌县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/赣州市/崇义县
  out=CN_江西省_赣州市_崇义县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/赣州市/瑞金市
  out=CN_江西省_赣州市_瑞金市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/赣州市/石城县
  out=CN_江西省_赣州市_石城县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/赣州市/章贡区
  out=CN_江西省_赣州市_章贡区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/赣州市/赣县
  out=CN_江西省_赣州市_赣县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/赣州市/龙南县
  out=CN_江西省_赣州市_龙南县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/鹰潭市
  out=CN_江西省_鹰潭市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/鹰潭市/余江县
  out=CN_江西省_鹰潭市_余江县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/鹰潭市/月湖区
  out=CN_江西省_鹰潭市_月湖区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/江西省/鹰潭市/贵溪市
  out=CN_江西省_鹰潭市_贵溪市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省
  out=CN_河北省.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/保定市
  out=CN_河北省_保定市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/保定市/北市区
  out=CN_河北省_保定市_北市区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/保定市/南市区
  out=CN_河北省_保定市_南市区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/保定市/博野县
  out=CN_河北省_保定市_博野县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/保定市/唐县
  out=CN_河北省_保定市_唐县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/保定市/安国市
  out=CN_河北省_保定市_安国市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/保定市/安新县
  out=CN_河北省_保定市_安新县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/保定市/定兴县
  out=CN_河北省_保定市_定兴县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/保定市/定州市
  out=CN_河北省_保定市_定州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/保定市/容城县
  out=CN_河北省_保定市_容城县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/保定市/徐水县
  out=CN_河北省_保定市_徐水县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/保定市/新市区
  out=CN_河北省_保定市_新市区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/保定市/易县
  out=CN_河北省_保定市_易县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/保定市/曲阳县
  out=CN_河北省_保定市_曲阳县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/保定市/望都县
  out=CN_河北省_保定市_望都县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/保定市/涞水县
  out=CN_河北省_保定市_涞水县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/保定市/涞源县
  out=CN_河北省_保定市_涞源县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/保定市/涿州市
  out=CN_河北省_保定市_涿州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/保定市/清苑县
  out=CN_河北省_保定市_清苑县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/保定市/满城县
  out=CN_河北省_保定市_满城县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/保定市/蠡县
  out=CN_河北省_保定市_蠡县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/保定市/阜平县
  out=CN_河北省_保定市_阜平县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/保定市/雄县
  out=CN_河北省_保定市_雄县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/保定市/顺平县
  out=CN_河北省_保定市_顺平县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/保定市/高碑店市
  out=CN_河北省_保定市_高碑店市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/保定市/高阳县
  out=CN_河北省_保定市_高阳县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/唐山市
  out=CN_河北省_唐山市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/唐山市/丰南区
  out=CN_河北省_唐山市_丰南区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/唐山市/丰润区
  out=CN_河北省_唐山市_丰润区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/唐山市/乐亭县
  out=CN_河北省_唐山市_乐亭县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/唐山市/古冶区
  out=CN_河北省_唐山市_古冶区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/唐山市/唐海县
  out=CN_河北省_唐山市_唐海县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/唐山市/开平区
  out=CN_河北省_唐山市_开平区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/唐山市/滦南县
  out=CN_河北省_唐山市_滦南县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/唐山市/滦县
  out=CN_河北省_唐山市_滦县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/唐山市/玉田县
  out=CN_河北省_唐山市_玉田县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/唐山市/路北区
  out=CN_河北省_唐山市_路北区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/唐山市/路南区
  out=CN_河北省_唐山市_路南区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/唐山市/迁安市
  out=CN_河北省_唐山市_迁安市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/唐山市/迁西县
  out=CN_河北省_唐山市_迁西县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/唐山市/遵化市
  out=CN_河北省_唐山市_遵化市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/廊坊市
  out=CN_河北省_廊坊市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/廊坊市/三河市
  out=CN_河北省_廊坊市_三河市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/廊坊市/固安县
  out=CN_河北省_廊坊市_固安县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/廊坊市/大厂回族自治县
  out=CN_河北省_廊坊市_大厂回族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/廊坊市/大城县
  out=CN_河北省_廊坊市_大城县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/廊坊市/安次区
  out=CN_河北省_廊坊市_安次区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/廊坊市/广阳区
  out=CN_河北省_廊坊市_广阳区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/廊坊市/文安县
  out=CN_河北省_廊坊市_文安县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/廊坊市/永清县
  out=CN_河北省_廊坊市_永清县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/廊坊市/霸州市
  out=CN_河北省_廊坊市_霸州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/廊坊市/香河县
  out=CN_河北省_廊坊市_香河县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/张家口市
  out=CN_河北省_张家口市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/张家口市/万全县
  out=CN_河北省_张家口市_万全县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/张家口市/下花园区
  out=CN_河北省_张家口市_下花园区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/张家口市/宣化区
  out=CN_河北省_张家口市_宣化区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/张家口市/宣化县
  out=CN_河北省_张家口市_宣化县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/张家口市/尚义县
  out=CN_河北省_张家口市_尚义县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/张家口市/崇礼县
  out=CN_河北省_张家口市_崇礼县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/张家口市/康保县
  out=CN_河北省_张家口市_康保县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/张家口市/张北县
  out=CN_河北省_张家口市_张北县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/张家口市/怀安县
  out=CN_河北省_张家口市_怀安县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/张家口市/怀来县
  out=CN_河北省_张家口市_怀来县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/张家口市/桥东区
  out=CN_河北省_张家口市_桥东区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/张家口市/桥西区
  out=CN_河北省_张家口市_桥西区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/张家口市/沽源县
  out=CN_河北省_张家口市_沽源县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/张家口市/涿鹿县
  out=CN_河北省_张家口市_涿鹿县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/张家口市/蔚县
  out=CN_河北省_张家口市_蔚县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/张家口市/赤城县
  out=CN_河北省_张家口市_赤城县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/张家口市/阳原县
  out=CN_河北省_张家口市_阳原县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/承德市
  out=CN_河北省_承德市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/承德市/丰宁满族自治县
  out=CN_河北省_承德市_丰宁满族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/承德市/兴隆县
  out=CN_河北省_承德市_兴隆县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/承德市/双桥区
  out=CN_河北省_承德市_双桥区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/承德市/双滦区
  out=CN_河北省_承德市_双滦区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/承德市/围场满族蒙古族自治县
  out=CN_河北省_承德市_围场满族蒙古族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/承德市/宽城满族自治县
  out=CN_河北省_承德市_宽城满族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/承德市/平泉县
  out=CN_河北省_承德市_平泉县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/承德市/承德县
  out=CN_河北省_承德市_承德县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/承德市/滦平县
  out=CN_河北省_承德市_滦平县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/承德市/隆化县
  out=CN_河北省_承德市_隆化县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/承德市/鹰手营子矿区
  out=CN_河北省_承德市_鹰手营子矿区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/沧州市
  out=CN_河北省_沧州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/沧州市/东光县
  out=CN_河北省_沧州市_东光县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/沧州市/任丘市
  out=CN_河北省_沧州市_任丘市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/沧州市/南皮县
  out=CN_河北省_沧州市_南皮县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/沧州市/吴桥县
  out=CN_河北省_沧州市_吴桥县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/沧州市/孟村回族自治县
  out=CN_河北省_沧州市_孟村回族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/沧州市/新华区
  out=CN_河北省_沧州市_新华区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/沧州市/沧县
  out=CN_河北省_沧州市_沧县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/沧州市/河间市
  out=CN_河北省_沧州市_河间市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/沧州市/泊头市
  out=CN_河北省_沧州市_泊头市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/沧州市/海兴县
  out=CN_河北省_沧州市_海兴县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/沧州市/献县
  out=CN_河北省_沧州市_献县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/沧州市/盐山县
  out=CN_河北省_沧州市_盐山县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/沧州市/肃宁县
  out=CN_河北省_沧州市_肃宁县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/沧州市/运河区
  out=CN_河北省_沧州市_运河区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/沧州市/青县
  out=CN_河北省_沧州市_青县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/沧州市/黄骅市
  out=CN_河北省_沧州市_黄骅市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/石家庄市
  out=CN_河北省_石家庄市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/石家庄市/井陉县
  out=CN_河北省_石家庄市_井陉县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/石家庄市/井陉矿区
  out=CN_河北省_石家庄市_井陉矿区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/石家庄市/元氏县
  out=CN_河北省_石家庄市_元氏县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/石家庄市/平山县
  out=CN_河北省_石家庄市_平山县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/石家庄市/新乐市
  out=CN_河北省_石家庄市_新乐市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/石家庄市/新华区
  out=CN_河北省_石家庄市_新华区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/石家庄市/无极县
  out=CN_河北省_石家庄市_无极县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/石家庄市/晋州市
  out=CN_河北省_石家庄市_晋州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/石家庄市/栾城区
  out=CN_河北省_石家庄市_栾城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/石家庄市/桥西区
  out=CN_河北省_石家庄市_桥西区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/石家庄市/正定县
  out=CN_河北省_石家庄市_正定县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/石家庄市/深泽县
  out=CN_河北省_石家庄市_深泽县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/石家庄市/灵寿县
  out=CN_河北省_石家庄市_灵寿县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/石家庄市/藁城区
  out=CN_河北省_石家庄市_藁城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/石家庄市/行唐县
  out=CN_河北省_石家庄市_行唐县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/石家庄市/裕华区
  out=CN_河北省_石家庄市_裕华区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/石家庄市/赞皇县
  out=CN_河北省_石家庄市_赞皇县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/石家庄市/赵县
  out=CN_河北省_石家庄市_赵县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/石家庄市/辛集市
  out=CN_河北省_石家庄市_辛集市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/石家庄市/长安区
  out=CN_河北省_石家庄市_长安区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/石家庄市/高邑县
  out=CN_河北省_石家庄市_高邑县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/石家庄市/鹿泉区
  out=CN_河北省_石家庄市_鹿泉区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/秦皇岛市
  out=CN_河北省_秦皇岛市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/秦皇岛市/北戴河区
  out=CN_河北省_秦皇岛市_北戴河区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/秦皇岛市/卢龙县
  out=CN_河北省_秦皇岛市_卢龙县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/秦皇岛市/山海关区
  out=CN_河北省_秦皇岛市_山海关区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/秦皇岛市/抚宁县
  out=CN_河北省_秦皇岛市_抚宁县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/秦皇岛市/昌黎县
  out=CN_河北省_秦皇岛市_昌黎县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/秦皇岛市/海港区
  out=CN_河北省_秦皇岛市_海港区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/秦皇岛市/青龙满族自治县
  out=CN_河北省_秦皇岛市_青龙满族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/衡水市
  out=CN_河北省_衡水市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/衡水市/冀州市
  out=CN_河北省_衡水市_冀州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/衡水市/安平县
  out=CN_河北省_衡水市_安平县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/衡水市/故城县
  out=CN_河北省_衡水市_故城县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/衡水市/景县
  out=CN_河北省_衡水市_景县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/衡水市/枣强县
  out=CN_河北省_衡水市_枣强县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/衡水市/桃城区
  out=CN_河北省_衡水市_桃城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/衡水市/武强县
  out=CN_河北省_衡水市_武强县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/衡水市/武邑县
  out=CN_河北省_衡水市_武邑县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/衡水市/深州市
  out=CN_河北省_衡水市_深州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/衡水市/阜城县
  out=CN_河北省_衡水市_阜城县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/衡水市/饶阳县
  out=CN_河北省_衡水市_饶阳县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/邢台市
  out=CN_河北省_邢台市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/邢台市/临城县
  out=CN_河北省_邢台市_临城县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/邢台市/临西县
  out=CN_河北省_邢台市_临西县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/邢台市/任县
  out=CN_河北省_邢台市_任县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/邢台市/内丘县
  out=CN_河北省_邢台市_内丘县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/邢台市/南和县
  out=CN_河北省_邢台市_南和县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/邢台市/南宫市
  out=CN_河北省_邢台市_南宫市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/邢台市/威县
  out=CN_河北省_邢台市_威县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/邢台市/宁晋县
  out=CN_河北省_邢台市_宁晋县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/邢台市/巨鹿县
  out=CN_河北省_邢台市_巨鹿县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/邢台市/平乡县
  out=CN_河北省_邢台市_平乡县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/邢台市/广宗县
  out=CN_河北省_邢台市_广宗县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/邢台市/新河县
  out=CN_河北省_邢台市_新河县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/邢台市/柏乡县
  out=CN_河北省_邢台市_柏乡县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/邢台市/桥东区
  out=CN_河北省_邢台市_桥东区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/邢台市/桥西区
  out=CN_河北省_邢台市_桥西区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/邢台市/沙河市
  out=CN_河北省_邢台市_沙河市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/邢台市/清河县
  out=CN_河北省_邢台市_清河县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/邢台市/邢台县
  out=CN_河北省_邢台市_邢台县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/邢台市/隆尧县
  out=CN_河北省_邢台市_隆尧县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/邯郸市
  out=CN_河北省_邯郸市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/邯郸市/丛台区
  out=CN_河北省_邯郸市_丛台区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/邯郸市/临漳县
  out=CN_河北省_邯郸市_临漳县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/邯郸市/复兴区
  out=CN_河北省_邯郸市_复兴区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/邯郸市/大名县
  out=CN_河北省_邯郸市_大名县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/邯郸市/峰峰矿区
  out=CN_河北省_邯郸市_峰峰矿区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/邯郸市/广平县
  out=CN_河北省_邯郸市_广平县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/邯郸市/成安县
  out=CN_河北省_邯郸市_成安县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/邯郸市/曲周县
  out=CN_河北省_邯郸市_曲周县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/邯郸市/武安市
  out=CN_河北省_邯郸市_武安市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/邯郸市/永年县
  out=CN_河北省_邯郸市_永年县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/邯郸市/涉县
  out=CN_河北省_邯郸市_涉县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/邯郸市/磁县
  out=CN_河北省_邯郸市_磁县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/邯郸市/肥乡县
  out=CN_河北省_邯郸市_肥乡县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/邯郸市/邯山区
  out=CN_河北省_邯郸市_邯山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/邯郸市/邯郸县
  out=CN_河北省_邯郸市_邯郸县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/邯郸市/邱县
  out=CN_河北省_邯郸市_邱县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/邯郸市/馆陶县
  out=CN_河北省_邯郸市_馆陶县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/邯郸市/魏县
  out=CN_河北省_邯郸市_魏县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河北省/邯郸市/鸡泽县
  out=CN_河北省_邯郸市_鸡泽县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省
  out=CN_河南省.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/三门峡市
  out=CN_河南省_三门峡市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/三门峡市/义马市
  out=CN_河南省_三门峡市_义马市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/三门峡市/卢氏县
  out=CN_河南省_三门峡市_卢氏县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/三门峡市/渑池县
  out=CN_河南省_三门峡市_渑池县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/三门峡市/湖滨区
  out=CN_河南省_三门峡市_湖滨区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/三门峡市/灵宝市
  out=CN_河南省_三门峡市_灵宝市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/三门峡市/陕县
  out=CN_河南省_三门峡市_陕县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/信阳市
  out=CN_河南省_信阳市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/信阳市/光山县
  out=CN_河南省_信阳市_光山县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/信阳市/商城县
  out=CN_河南省_信阳市_商城县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/信阳市/固始县
  out=CN_河南省_信阳市_固始县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/信阳市/平桥区
  out=CN_河南省_信阳市_平桥区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/信阳市/息县
  out=CN_河南省_信阳市_息县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/信阳市/新县
  out=CN_河南省_信阳市_新县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/信阳市/浉河区
  out=CN_河南省_信阳市_浉河区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/信阳市/淮滨县
  out=CN_河南省_信阳市_淮滨县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/信阳市/潢川县
  out=CN_河南省_信阳市_潢川县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/信阳市/罗山县
  out=CN_河南省_信阳市_罗山县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/南阳市
  out=CN_河南省_南阳市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/南阳市/内乡县
  out=CN_河南省_南阳市_内乡县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/南阳市/南召县
  out=CN_河南省_南阳市_南召县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/南阳市/卧龙区
  out=CN_河南省_南阳市_卧龙区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/南阳市/唐河县
  out=CN_河南省_南阳市_唐河县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/南阳市/宛城区
  out=CN_河南省_南阳市_宛城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/南阳市/新野县
  out=CN_河南省_南阳市_新野县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/南阳市/方城县
  out=CN_河南省_南阳市_方城县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/南阳市/桐柏县
  out=CN_河南省_南阳市_桐柏县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/南阳市/淅川县
  out=CN_河南省_南阳市_淅川县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/南阳市/社旗县
  out=CN_河南省_南阳市_社旗县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/南阳市/西峡县
  out=CN_河南省_南阳市_西峡县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/南阳市/邓州市
  out=CN_河南省_南阳市_邓州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/南阳市/镇平县
  out=CN_河南省_南阳市_镇平县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/周口市
  out=CN_河南省_周口市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/周口市/商水县
  out=CN_河南省_周口市_商水县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/周口市/太康县
  out=CN_河南省_周口市_太康县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/周口市/川汇区
  out=CN_河南省_周口市_川汇区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/周口市/扶沟县
  out=CN_河南省_周口市_扶沟县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/周口市/沈丘县
  out=CN_河南省_周口市_沈丘县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/周口市/淮阳县
  out=CN_河南省_周口市_淮阳县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/周口市/西华县
  out=CN_河南省_周口市_西华县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/周口市/郸城县
  out=CN_河南省_周口市_郸城县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/周口市/项城市
  out=CN_河南省_周口市_项城市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/周口市/鹿邑县
  out=CN_河南省_周口市_鹿邑县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/商丘市
  out=CN_河南省_商丘市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/商丘市/夏邑县
  out=CN_河南省_商丘市_夏邑县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/商丘市/宁陵县
  out=CN_河南省_商丘市_宁陵县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/商丘市/柘城县
  out=CN_河南省_商丘市_柘城县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/商丘市/梁园区
  out=CN_河南省_商丘市_梁园区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/商丘市/民权县
  out=CN_河南省_商丘市_民权县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/商丘市/永城市
  out=CN_河南省_商丘市_永城市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/商丘市/睢县
  out=CN_河南省_商丘市_睢县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/商丘市/睢阳区
  out=CN_河南省_商丘市_睢阳区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/商丘市/虞城县
  out=CN_河南省_商丘市_虞城县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/安阳市
  out=CN_河南省_安阳市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/安阳市/内黄县
  out=CN_河南省_安阳市_内黄县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/安阳市/北关区
  out=CN_河南省_安阳市_北关区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/安阳市/安阳县
  out=CN_河南省_安阳市_安阳县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/安阳市/文峰区
  out=CN_河南省_安阳市_文峰区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/安阳市/林州市
  out=CN_河南省_安阳市_林州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/安阳市/殷都区
  out=CN_河南省_安阳市_殷都区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/安阳市/汤阴县
  out=CN_河南省_安阳市_汤阴县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/安阳市/滑县
  out=CN_河南省_安阳市_滑县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/安阳市/龙安区
  out=CN_河南省_安阳市_龙安区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/平顶山市
  out=CN_河南省_平顶山市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/平顶山市/卫东区
  out=CN_河南省_平顶山市_卫东区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/平顶山市/叶县
  out=CN_河南省_平顶山市_叶县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/平顶山市/宝丰县
  out=CN_河南省_平顶山市_宝丰县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/平顶山市/新华区
  out=CN_河南省_平顶山市_新华区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/平顶山市/汝州市
  out=CN_河南省_平顶山市_汝州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/平顶山市/湛河区
  out=CN_河南省_平顶山市_湛河区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/平顶山市/石龙区
  out=CN_河南省_平顶山市_石龙区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/平顶山市/舞钢市
  out=CN_河南省_平顶山市_舞钢市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/平顶山市/郏县
  out=CN_河南省_平顶山市_郏县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/平顶山市/鲁山县
  out=CN_河南省_平顶山市_鲁山县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/开封市
  out=CN_河南省_开封市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/开封市/兰考县
  out=CN_河南省_开封市_兰考县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/开封市/尉氏县
  out=CN_河南省_开封市_尉氏县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/开封市/开封县
  out=CN_河南省_开封市_开封县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/开封市/杞县
  out=CN_河南省_开封市_杞县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/开封市/禹王台区
  out=CN_河南省_开封市_禹王台区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/开封市/通许县
  out=CN_河南省_开封市_通许县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/开封市/金明区
  out=CN_河南省_开封市_金明区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/开封市/顺河回族区
  out=CN_河南省_开封市_顺河回族区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/开封市/鼓楼区
  out=CN_河南省_开封市_鼓楼区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/开封市/龙亭区
  out=CN_河南省_开封市_龙亭区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/新乡市
  out=CN_河南省_新乡市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/新乡市/凤泉区
  out=CN_河南省_新乡市_凤泉区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/新乡市/卫滨区
  out=CN_河南省_新乡市_卫滨区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/新乡市/卫辉市
  out=CN_河南省_新乡市_卫辉市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/新乡市/原阳县
  out=CN_河南省_新乡市_原阳县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/新乡市/封丘县
  out=CN_河南省_新乡市_封丘县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/新乡市/延津县
  out=CN_河南省_新乡市_延津县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/新乡市/新乡县
  out=CN_河南省_新乡市_新乡县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/新乡市/牧野区
  out=CN_河南省_新乡市_牧野区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/新乡市/红旗区
  out=CN_河南省_新乡市_红旗区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/新乡市/获嘉县
  out=CN_河南省_新乡市_获嘉县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/新乡市/辉县市
  out=CN_河南省_新乡市_辉县市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/新乡市/长垣县
  out=CN_河南省_新乡市_长垣县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/洛阳市
  out=CN_河南省_洛阳市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/洛阳市/伊川县
  out=CN_河南省_洛阳市_伊川县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/洛阳市/偃师市
  out=CN_河南省_洛阳市_偃师市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/洛阳市/吉利区
  out=CN_河南省_洛阳市_吉利区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/洛阳市/孟津县
  out=CN_河南省_洛阳市_孟津县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/洛阳市/宜阳县
  out=CN_河南省_洛阳市_宜阳县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/洛阳市/嵩县
  out=CN_河南省_洛阳市_嵩县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/洛阳市/新安县
  out=CN_河南省_洛阳市_新安县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/洛阳市/栾川县
  out=CN_河南省_洛阳市_栾川县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/洛阳市/汝阳县
  out=CN_河南省_洛阳市_汝阳县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/洛阳市/洛宁县
  out=CN_河南省_洛阳市_洛宁县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/洛阳市/洛龙区
  out=CN_河南省_洛阳市_洛龙区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/洛阳市/涧西区
  out=CN_河南省_洛阳市_涧西区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/洛阳市/瀍河回族区
  out=CN_河南省_洛阳市_瀍河回族区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/洛阳市/老城区
  out=CN_河南省_洛阳市_老城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/洛阳市/西工区
  out=CN_河南省_洛阳市_西工区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/漯河市
  out=CN_河南省_漯河市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/漯河市/临颍县
  out=CN_河南省_漯河市_临颍县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/漯河市/召陵区
  out=CN_河南省_漯河市_召陵区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/漯河市/源汇区
  out=CN_河南省_漯河市_源汇区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/漯河市/舞阳县
  out=CN_河南省_漯河市_舞阳县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/漯河市/郾城区
  out=CN_河南省_漯河市_郾城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/濮阳市
  out=CN_河南省_濮阳市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/濮阳市/华龙区
  out=CN_河南省_濮阳市_华龙区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/濮阳市/南乐县
  out=CN_河南省_濮阳市_南乐县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/濮阳市/台前县
  out=CN_河南省_濮阳市_台前县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/濮阳市/清丰县
  out=CN_河南省_濮阳市_清丰县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/濮阳市/濮阳县
  out=CN_河南省_濮阳市_濮阳县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/濮阳市/范县
  out=CN_河南省_濮阳市_范县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/焦作市
  out=CN_河南省_焦作市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/焦作市/中站区
  out=CN_河南省_焦作市_中站区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/焦作市/修武县
  out=CN_河南省_焦作市_修武县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/焦作市/博爱县
  out=CN_河南省_焦作市_博爱县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/焦作市/孟州市
  out=CN_河南省_焦作市_孟州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/焦作市/山阳区
  out=CN_河南省_焦作市_山阳区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/焦作市/武陟县
  out=CN_河南省_焦作市_武陟县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/焦作市/沁阳市
  out=CN_河南省_焦作市_沁阳市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/焦作市/济源市
  out=CN_河南省_焦作市_济源市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/焦作市/温县
  out=CN_河南省_焦作市_温县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/焦作市/解放区
  out=CN_河南省_焦作市_解放区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/焦作市/马村区
  out=CN_河南省_焦作市_马村区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/许昌市
  out=CN_河南省_许昌市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/许昌市/禹州市
  out=CN_河南省_许昌市_禹州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/许昌市/襄城县
  out=CN_河南省_许昌市_襄城县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/许昌市/许昌县
  out=CN_河南省_许昌市_许昌县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/许昌市/鄢陵县
  out=CN_河南省_许昌市_鄢陵县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/许昌市/长葛市
  out=CN_河南省_许昌市_长葛市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/许昌市/魏都区
  out=CN_河南省_许昌市_魏都区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/郑州市
  out=CN_河南省_郑州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/郑州市/上街区
  out=CN_河南省_郑州市_上街区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/郑州市/中原区
  out=CN_河南省_郑州市_中原区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/郑州市/中牟县
  out=CN_河南省_郑州市_中牟县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/郑州市/二七区
  out=CN_河南省_郑州市_二七区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/郑州市/巩义市
  out=CN_河南省_郑州市_巩义市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/郑州市/惠济区
  out=CN_河南省_郑州市_惠济区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/郑州市/新密市
  out=CN_河南省_郑州市_新密市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/郑州市/新郑市
  out=CN_河南省_郑州市_新郑市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/郑州市/登封市
  out=CN_河南省_郑州市_登封市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/郑州市/管城回族区
  out=CN_河南省_郑州市_管城回族区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/郑州市/荥阳市
  out=CN_河南省_郑州市_荥阳市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/郑州市/金水区
  out=CN_河南省_郑州市_金水区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/驻马店市
  out=CN_河南省_驻马店市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/驻马店市/上蔡县
  out=CN_河南省_驻马店市_上蔡县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/驻马店市/平舆县
  out=CN_河南省_驻马店市_平舆县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/驻马店市/新蔡县
  out=CN_河南省_驻马店市_新蔡县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/驻马店市/正阳县
  out=CN_河南省_驻马店市_正阳县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/驻马店市/汝南县
  out=CN_河南省_驻马店市_汝南县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/驻马店市/泌阳县
  out=CN_河南省_驻马店市_泌阳县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/驻马店市/确山县
  out=CN_河南省_驻马店市_确山县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/驻马店市/西平县
  out=CN_河南省_驻马店市_西平县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/驻马店市/遂平县
  out=CN_河南省_驻马店市_遂平县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/驻马店市/驿城区
  out=CN_河南省_驻马店市_驿城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/鹤壁市
  out=CN_河南省_鹤壁市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/鹤壁市/山城区
  out=CN_河南省_鹤壁市_山城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/鹤壁市/浚县
  out=CN_河南省_鹤壁市_浚县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/鹤壁市/淇县
  out=CN_河南省_鹤壁市_淇县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/鹤壁市/淇滨区
  out=CN_河南省_鹤壁市_淇滨区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/河南省/鹤壁市/鹤山区
  out=CN_河南省_鹤壁市_鹤山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省
  out=CN_浙江省.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/丽水市
  out=CN_浙江省_丽水市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/丽水市/云和县
  out=CN_浙江省_丽水市_云和县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/丽水市/庆元县
  out=CN_浙江省_丽水市_庆元县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/丽水市/景宁畲族自治县
  out=CN_浙江省_丽水市_景宁畲族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/丽水市/松阳县
  out=CN_浙江省_丽水市_松阳县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/丽水市/缙云县
  out=CN_浙江省_丽水市_缙云县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/丽水市/莲都区
  out=CN_浙江省_丽水市_莲都区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/丽水市/遂昌县
  out=CN_浙江省_丽水市_遂昌县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/丽水市/青田县
  out=CN_浙江省_丽水市_青田县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/丽水市/龙泉市
  out=CN_浙江省_丽水市_龙泉市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/台州市
  out=CN_浙江省_台州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/台州市/三门县
  out=CN_浙江省_台州市_三门县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/台州市/临海市
  out=CN_浙江省_台州市_临海市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/台州市/仙居县
  out=CN_浙江省_台州市_仙居县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/台州市/天台县
  out=CN_浙江省_台州市_天台县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/台州市/椒江区
  out=CN_浙江省_台州市_椒江区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/台州市/温岭市
  out=CN_浙江省_台州市_温岭市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/台州市/玉环县
  out=CN_浙江省_台州市_玉环县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/台州市/路桥区
  out=CN_浙江省_台州市_路桥区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/台州市/黄岩区
  out=CN_浙江省_台州市_黄岩区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/嘉兴市
  out=CN_浙江省_嘉兴市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/嘉兴市/南湖区
  out=CN_浙江省_嘉兴市_南湖区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/嘉兴市/嘉善县
  out=CN_浙江省_嘉兴市_嘉善县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/嘉兴市/平湖市
  out=CN_浙江省_嘉兴市_平湖市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/嘉兴市/桐乡市
  out=CN_浙江省_嘉兴市_桐乡市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/嘉兴市/海宁市
  out=CN_浙江省_嘉兴市_海宁市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/嘉兴市/海盐县
  out=CN_浙江省_嘉兴市_海盐县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/嘉兴市/秀洲区
  out=CN_浙江省_嘉兴市_秀洲区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/宁波市
  out=CN_浙江省_宁波市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/宁波市/余姚市
  out=CN_浙江省_宁波市_余姚市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/宁波市/北仑区
  out=CN_浙江省_宁波市_北仑区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/宁波市/奉化市
  out=CN_浙江省_宁波市_奉化市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/宁波市/宁海县
  out=CN_浙江省_宁波市_宁海县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/宁波市/慈溪市
  out=CN_浙江省_宁波市_慈溪市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/宁波市/江东区
  out=CN_浙江省_宁波市_江东区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/宁波市/江北区
  out=CN_浙江省_宁波市_江北区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/宁波市/海曙区
  out=CN_浙江省_宁波市_海曙区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/宁波市/象山县
  out=CN_浙江省_宁波市_象山县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/宁波市/鄞州区
  out=CN_浙江省_宁波市_鄞州区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/宁波市/镇海区
  out=CN_浙江省_宁波市_镇海区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/杭州市
  out=CN_浙江省_杭州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/杭州市/上城区
  out=CN_浙江省_杭州市_上城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/杭州市/下城区
  out=CN_浙江省_杭州市_下城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/杭州市/临安市
  out=CN_浙江省_杭州市_临安市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/杭州市/余杭区
  out=CN_浙江省_杭州市_余杭区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/杭州市/富阳市
  out=CN_浙江省_杭州市_富阳市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/杭州市/建德市
  out=CN_浙江省_杭州市_建德市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/杭州市/拱墅区
  out=CN_浙江省_杭州市_拱墅区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/杭州市/桐庐县
  out=CN_浙江省_杭州市_桐庐县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/杭州市/江干区
  out=CN_浙江省_杭州市_江干区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/杭州市/淳安县
  out=CN_浙江省_杭州市_淳安县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/杭州市/滨江区
  out=CN_浙江省_杭州市_滨江区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/杭州市/萧山区
  out=CN_浙江省_杭州市_萧山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/杭州市/西湖区
  out=CN_浙江省_杭州市_西湖区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/温州市
  out=CN_浙江省_温州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/温州市/乐清市
  out=CN_浙江省_温州市_乐清市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/温州市/平阳县
  out=CN_浙江省_温州市_平阳县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/温州市/文成县
  out=CN_浙江省_温州市_文成县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/温州市/永嘉县
  out=CN_浙江省_温州市_永嘉县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/温州市/泰顺县
  out=CN_浙江省_温州市_泰顺县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/温州市/洞头县
  out=CN_浙江省_温州市_洞头县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/温州市/瑞安市
  out=CN_浙江省_温州市_瑞安市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/温州市/瓯海区
  out=CN_浙江省_温州市_瓯海区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/温州市/苍南县
  out=CN_浙江省_温州市_苍南县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/温州市/鹿城区
  out=CN_浙江省_温州市_鹿城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/温州市/龙湾区
  out=CN_浙江省_温州市_龙湾区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/湖州市
  out=CN_浙江省_湖州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/湖州市/南浔区
  out=CN_浙江省_湖州市_南浔区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/湖州市/吴兴区
  out=CN_浙江省_湖州市_吴兴区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/湖州市/安吉县
  out=CN_浙江省_湖州市_安吉县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/湖州市/德清县
  out=CN_浙江省_湖州市_德清县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/湖州市/长兴县
  out=CN_浙江省_湖州市_长兴县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/绍兴市
  out=CN_浙江省_绍兴市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/绍兴市/上虞市
  out=CN_浙江省_绍兴市_上虞市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/绍兴市/嵊州市
  out=CN_浙江省_绍兴市_嵊州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/绍兴市/新昌县
  out=CN_浙江省_绍兴市_新昌县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/绍兴市/柯桥区
  out=CN_浙江省_绍兴市_柯桥区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/绍兴市/诸暨市
  out=CN_浙江省_绍兴市_诸暨市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/绍兴市/越城区
  out=CN_浙江省_绍兴市_越城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/舟山市
  out=CN_浙江省_舟山市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/舟山市/定海区
  out=CN_浙江省_舟山市_定海区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/舟山市/岱山县
  out=CN_浙江省_舟山市_岱山县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/舟山市/嵊泗县
  out=CN_浙江省_舟山市_嵊泗县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/舟山市/普陀区
  out=CN_浙江省_舟山市_普陀区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/衢州市
  out=CN_浙江省_衢州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/衢州市/常山县
  out=CN_浙江省_衢州市_常山县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/衢州市/开化县
  out=CN_浙江省_衢州市_开化县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/衢州市/柯城区
  out=CN_浙江省_衢州市_柯城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/衢州市/江山市
  out=CN_浙江省_衢州市_江山市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/衢州市/衢江区
  out=CN_浙江省_衢州市_衢江区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/衢州市/龙游县
  out=CN_浙江省_衢州市_龙游县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/金华市
  out=CN_浙江省_金华市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/金华市/东阳市
  out=CN_浙江省_金华市_东阳市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/金华市/义乌市
  out=CN_浙江省_金华市_义乌市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/金华市/兰溪市
  out=CN_浙江省_金华市_兰溪市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/金华市/婺城区
  out=CN_浙江省_金华市_婺城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/金华市/武义县
  out=CN_浙江省_金华市_武义县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/金华市/永康市
  out=CN_浙江省_金华市_永康市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/金华市/浦江县
  out=CN_浙江省_金华市_浦江县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/金华市/磐安县
  out=CN_浙江省_金华市_磐安县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/浙江省/金华市/金东区
  out=CN_浙江省_金华市_金东区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/海南省
  out=CN_海南省.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/海南省/万宁市
  out=CN_海南省_万宁市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/海南省/三亚市
  out=CN_海南省_三亚市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/海南省/三沙市
  out=CN_海南省_三沙市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/海南省/三沙市/中沙群岛的岛礁及其海域
  out=CN_海南省_三沙市_中沙群岛的岛礁及其海域.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/海南省/三沙市/南沙群岛
  out=CN_海南省_三沙市_南沙群岛.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/海南省/三沙市/西沙群岛
  out=CN_海南省_三沙市_西沙群岛.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/海南省/东方市
  out=CN_海南省_东方市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/海南省/临高县
  out=CN_海南省_临高县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/海南省/乐东黎族自治县
  out=CN_海南省_乐东黎族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/海南省/五指山市
  out=CN_海南省_五指山市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/海南省/保亭黎族苗族自治县
  out=CN_海南省_保亭黎族苗族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/海南省/儋州市
  out=CN_海南省_儋州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/海南省/定安县
  out=CN_海南省_定安县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/海南省/屯昌县
  out=CN_海南省_屯昌县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/海南省/文昌市
  out=CN_海南省_文昌市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/海南省/昌江黎族自治县
  out=CN_海南省_昌江黎族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/海南省/海口市
  out=CN_海南省_海口市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/海南省/海口市/琼山区
  out=CN_海南省_海口市_琼山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/海南省/海口市/秀英区
  out=CN_海南省_海口市_秀英区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/海南省/海口市/美兰区
  out=CN_海南省_海口市_美兰区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/海南省/海口市/龙华区
  out=CN_海南省_海口市_龙华区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/海南省/澄迈县
  out=CN_海南省_澄迈县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/海南省/琼中黎族苗族自治县
  out=CN_海南省_琼中黎族苗族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/海南省/琼海市
  out=CN_海南省_琼海市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/海南省/白沙黎族自治县
  out=CN_海南省_白沙黎族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/海南省/陵水黎族自治县
  out=CN_海南省_陵水黎族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省
  out=CN_湖北省.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/仙桃市
  out=CN_湖北省_仙桃市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/十堰市
  out=CN_湖北省_十堰市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/十堰市/丹江口市
  out=CN_湖北省_十堰市_丹江口市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/十堰市/张湾区
  out=CN_湖北省_十堰市_张湾区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/十堰市/房县
  out=CN_湖北省_十堰市_房县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/十堰市/竹山县
  out=CN_湖北省_十堰市_竹山县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/十堰市/竹溪县
  out=CN_湖北省_十堰市_竹溪县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/十堰市/茅箭区
  out=CN_湖北省_十堰市_茅箭区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/十堰市/郧县
  out=CN_湖北省_十堰市_郧县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/十堰市/郧西县
  out=CN_湖北省_十堰市_郧西县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/咸宁市
  out=CN_湖北省_咸宁市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/咸宁市/咸安区
  out=CN_湖北省_咸宁市_咸安区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/咸宁市/嘉鱼县
  out=CN_湖北省_咸宁市_嘉鱼县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/咸宁市/崇阳县
  out=CN_湖北省_咸宁市_崇阳县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/咸宁市/赤壁市
  out=CN_湖北省_咸宁市_赤壁市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/咸宁市/通城县
  out=CN_湖北省_咸宁市_通城县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/咸宁市/通山县
  out=CN_湖北省_咸宁市_通山县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/天门市
  out=CN_湖北省_天门市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/孝感市
  out=CN_湖北省_孝感市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/孝感市/云梦县
  out=CN_湖北省_孝感市_云梦县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/孝感市/大悟县
  out=CN_湖北省_孝感市_大悟县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/孝感市/孝南区
  out=CN_湖北省_孝感市_孝南区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/孝感市/孝昌县
  out=CN_湖北省_孝感市_孝昌县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/孝感市/安陆市
  out=CN_湖北省_孝感市_安陆市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/孝感市/应城市
  out=CN_湖北省_孝感市_应城市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/孝感市/汉川市
  out=CN_湖北省_孝感市_汉川市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/宜昌市
  out=CN_湖北省_宜昌市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/宜昌市/五峰土家族自治县
  out=CN_湖北省_宜昌市_五峰土家族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/宜昌市/伍家岗区
  out=CN_湖北省_宜昌市_伍家岗区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/宜昌市/兴山县
  out=CN_湖北省_宜昌市_兴山县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/宜昌市/夷陵区
  out=CN_湖北省_宜昌市_夷陵区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/宜昌市/宜都市
  out=CN_湖北省_宜昌市_宜都市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/宜昌市/当阳市
  out=CN_湖北省_宜昌市_当阳市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/宜昌市/枝江市
  out=CN_湖北省_宜昌市_枝江市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/宜昌市/点军区
  out=CN_湖北省_宜昌市_点军区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/宜昌市/猇亭区
  out=CN_湖北省_宜昌市_猇亭区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/宜昌市/秭归县
  out=CN_湖北省_宜昌市_秭归县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/宜昌市/西陵区
  out=CN_湖北省_宜昌市_西陵区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/宜昌市/远安县
  out=CN_湖北省_宜昌市_远安县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/宜昌市/长阳土家族自治县
  out=CN_湖北省_宜昌市_长阳土家族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/恩施土家族苗族自治州
  out=CN_湖北省_恩施土家族苗族自治州.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/恩施土家族苗族自治州/利川市
  out=CN_湖北省_恩施土家族苗族自治州_利川市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/恩施土家族苗族自治州/咸丰县
  out=CN_湖北省_恩施土家族苗族自治州_咸丰县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/恩施土家族苗族自治州/宣恩县
  out=CN_湖北省_恩施土家族苗族自治州_宣恩县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/恩施土家族苗族自治州/巴东县
  out=CN_湖北省_恩施土家族苗族自治州_巴东县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/恩施土家族苗族自治州/建始县
  out=CN_湖北省_恩施土家族苗族自治州_建始县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/恩施土家族苗族自治州/恩施市
  out=CN_湖北省_恩施土家族苗族自治州_恩施市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/恩施土家族苗族自治州/来凤县
  out=CN_湖北省_恩施土家族苗族自治州_来凤县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/恩施土家族苗族自治州/鹤峰县
  out=CN_湖北省_恩施土家族苗族自治州_鹤峰县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/武汉市
  out=CN_湖北省_武汉市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/武汉市/东西湖区
  out=CN_湖北省_武汉市_东西湖区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/武汉市/新洲区
  out=CN_湖北省_武汉市_新洲区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/武汉市/武昌区
  out=CN_湖北省_武汉市_武昌区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/武汉市/汉南区
  out=CN_湖北省_武汉市_汉南区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/武汉市/汉阳区
  out=CN_湖北省_武汉市_汉阳区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/武汉市/江夏区
  out=CN_湖北省_武汉市_江夏区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/武汉市/江岸区
  out=CN_湖北省_武汉市_江岸区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/武汉市/江汉区
  out=CN_湖北省_武汉市_江汉区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/武汉市/洪山区
  out=CN_湖北省_武汉市_洪山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/武汉市/硚口区
  out=CN_湖北省_武汉市_硚口区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/武汉市/蔡甸区
  out=CN_湖北省_武汉市_蔡甸区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/武汉市/青山区
  out=CN_湖北省_武汉市_青山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/武汉市/黄陂区
  out=CN_湖北省_武汉市_黄陂区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/潜江市
  out=CN_湖北省_潜江市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/神农架林区
  out=CN_湖北省_神农架林区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/荆州市
  out=CN_湖北省_荆州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/荆州市/公安县
  out=CN_湖北省_荆州市_公安县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/荆州市/松滋市
  out=CN_湖北省_荆州市_松滋市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/荆州市/江陵县
  out=CN_湖北省_荆州市_江陵县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/荆州市/沙市区
  out=CN_湖北省_荆州市_沙市区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/荆州市/洪湖市
  out=CN_湖北省_荆州市_洪湖市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/荆州市/监利县
  out=CN_湖北省_荆州市_监利县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/荆州市/石首市
  out=CN_湖北省_荆州市_石首市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/荆州市/荆州区
  out=CN_湖北省_荆州市_荆州区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/荆门市
  out=CN_湖北省_荆门市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/荆门市/东宝区
  out=CN_湖北省_荆门市_东宝区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/荆门市/京山县
  out=CN_湖北省_荆门市_京山县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/荆门市/掇刀区
  out=CN_湖北省_荆门市_掇刀区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/荆门市/沙洋县
  out=CN_湖北省_荆门市_沙洋县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/荆门市/钟祥市
  out=CN_湖北省_荆门市_钟祥市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/襄阳市
  out=CN_湖北省_襄阳市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/襄阳市/保康县
  out=CN_湖北省_襄阳市_保康县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/襄阳市/南漳县
  out=CN_湖北省_襄阳市_南漳县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/襄阳市/宜城市
  out=CN_湖北省_襄阳市_宜城市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/襄阳市/枣阳市
  out=CN_湖北省_襄阳市_枣阳市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/襄阳市/樊城区
  out=CN_湖北省_襄阳市_樊城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/襄阳市/老河口市
  out=CN_湖北省_襄阳市_老河口市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/襄阳市/襄城区
  out=CN_湖北省_襄阳市_襄城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/襄阳市/襄州区
  out=CN_湖北省_襄阳市_襄州区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/襄阳市/谷城县
  out=CN_湖北省_襄阳市_谷城县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/鄂州市
  out=CN_湖北省_鄂州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/鄂州市/华容区
  out=CN_湖北省_鄂州市_华容区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/鄂州市/梁子湖区
  out=CN_湖北省_鄂州市_梁子湖区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/鄂州市/鄂城区
  out=CN_湖北省_鄂州市_鄂城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/随州市
  out=CN_湖北省_随州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/随州市/广水市
  out=CN_湖北省_随州市_广水市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/随州市/曾都区
  out=CN_湖北省_随州市_曾都区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/黄冈市
  out=CN_湖北省_黄冈市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/黄冈市/团风县
  out=CN_湖北省_黄冈市_团风县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/黄冈市/武穴市
  out=CN_湖北省_黄冈市_武穴市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/黄冈市/浠水县
  out=CN_湖北省_黄冈市_浠水县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/黄冈市/红安县
  out=CN_湖北省_黄冈市_红安县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/黄冈市/罗田县
  out=CN_湖北省_黄冈市_罗田县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/黄冈市/英山县
  out=CN_湖北省_黄冈市_英山县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/黄冈市/蕲春县
  out=CN_湖北省_黄冈市_蕲春县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/黄冈市/麻城市
  out=CN_湖北省_黄冈市_麻城市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/黄冈市/黄州区
  out=CN_湖北省_黄冈市_黄州区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/黄冈市/黄梅县
  out=CN_湖北省_黄冈市_黄梅县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/黄石市
  out=CN_湖北省_黄石市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/黄石市/下陆区
  out=CN_湖北省_黄石市_下陆区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/黄石市/大冶市
  out=CN_湖北省_黄石市_大冶市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/黄石市/西塞山区
  out=CN_湖北省_黄石市_西塞山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/黄石市/铁山区
  out=CN_湖北省_黄石市_铁山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/黄石市/阳新县
  out=CN_湖北省_黄石市_阳新县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖北省/黄石市/黄石港区
  out=CN_湖北省_黄石市_黄石港区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省
  out=CN_湖南省.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/娄底市
  out=CN_湖南省_娄底市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/娄底市/冷水江市
  out=CN_湖南省_娄底市_冷水江市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/娄底市/双峰县
  out=CN_湖南省_娄底市_双峰县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/娄底市/娄星区
  out=CN_湖南省_娄底市_娄星区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/娄底市/新化县
  out=CN_湖南省_娄底市_新化县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/娄底市/涟源市
  out=CN_湖南省_娄底市_涟源市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/岳阳市
  out=CN_湖南省_岳阳市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/岳阳市/临湘市
  out=CN_湖南省_岳阳市_临湘市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/岳阳市/云溪区
  out=CN_湖南省_岳阳市_云溪区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/岳阳市/华容县
  out=CN_湖南省_岳阳市_华容县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/岳阳市/君山区
  out=CN_湖南省_岳阳市_君山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/岳阳市/岳阳县
  out=CN_湖南省_岳阳市_岳阳县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/岳阳市/岳阳楼区
  out=CN_湖南省_岳阳市_岳阳楼区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/岳阳市/平江县
  out=CN_湖南省_岳阳市_平江县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/岳阳市/汨罗市
  out=CN_湖南省_岳阳市_汨罗市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/岳阳市/湘阴县
  out=CN_湖南省_岳阳市_湘阴县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/常德市
  out=CN_湖南省_常德市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/常德市/临澧县
  out=CN_湖南省_常德市_临澧县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/常德市/安乡县
  out=CN_湖南省_常德市_安乡县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/常德市/桃源县
  out=CN_湖南省_常德市_桃源县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/常德市/武陵区
  out=CN_湖南省_常德市_武陵区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/常德市/汉寿县
  out=CN_湖南省_常德市_汉寿县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/常德市/津市市
  out=CN_湖南省_常德市_津市市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/常德市/澧县
  out=CN_湖南省_常德市_澧县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/常德市/石门县
  out=CN_湖南省_常德市_石门县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/常德市/鼎城区
  out=CN_湖南省_常德市_鼎城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/张家界市
  out=CN_湖南省_张家界市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/张家界市/慈利县
  out=CN_湖南省_张家界市_慈利县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/张家界市/桑植县
  out=CN_湖南省_张家界市_桑植县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/张家界市/武陵源区
  out=CN_湖南省_张家界市_武陵源区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/张家界市/永定区
  out=CN_湖南省_张家界市_永定区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/怀化市
  out=CN_湖南省_怀化市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/怀化市/中方县
  out=CN_湖南省_怀化市_中方县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/怀化市/会同县
  out=CN_湖南省_怀化市_会同县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/怀化市/新晃侗族自治县
  out=CN_湖南省_怀化市_新晃侗族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/怀化市/沅陵县
  out=CN_湖南省_怀化市_沅陵县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/怀化市/洪江市
  out=CN_湖南省_怀化市_洪江市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/怀化市/溆浦县
  out=CN_湖南省_怀化市_溆浦县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/怀化市/芷江侗族自治县
  out=CN_湖南省_怀化市_芷江侗族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/怀化市/辰溪县
  out=CN_湖南省_怀化市_辰溪县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/怀化市/通道侗族自治县
  out=CN_湖南省_怀化市_通道侗族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/怀化市/靖州苗族侗族自治县
  out=CN_湖南省_怀化市_靖州苗族侗族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/怀化市/鹤城区
  out=CN_湖南省_怀化市_鹤城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/怀化市/麻阳苗族自治县
  out=CN_湖南省_怀化市_麻阳苗族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/株洲市
  out=CN_湖南省_株洲市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/株洲市/天元区
  out=CN_湖南省_株洲市_天元区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/株洲市/攸县
  out=CN_湖南省_株洲市_攸县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/株洲市/株洲县
  out=CN_湖南省_株洲市_株洲县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/株洲市/炎陵县
  out=CN_湖南省_株洲市_炎陵县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/株洲市/石峰区
  out=CN_湖南省_株洲市_石峰区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/株洲市/芦淞区
  out=CN_湖南省_株洲市_芦淞区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/株洲市/茶陵县
  out=CN_湖南省_株洲市_茶陵县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/株洲市/荷塘区
  out=CN_湖南省_株洲市_荷塘区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/株洲市/醴陵市
  out=CN_湖南省_株洲市_醴陵市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/永州市
  out=CN_湖南省_永州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/永州市/东安县
  out=CN_湖南省_永州市_东安县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/永州市/冷水滩区
  out=CN_湖南省_永州市_冷水滩区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/永州市/双牌县
  out=CN_湖南省_永州市_双牌县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/永州市/宁远县
  out=CN_湖南省_永州市_宁远县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/永州市/新田县
  out=CN_湖南省_永州市_新田县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/永州市/江华瑶族自治县
  out=CN_湖南省_永州市_江华瑶族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/永州市/江永县
  out=CN_湖南省_永州市_江永县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/永州市/祁阳县
  out=CN_湖南省_永州市_祁阳县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/永州市/蓝山县
  out=CN_湖南省_永州市_蓝山县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/永州市/道县
  out=CN_湖南省_永州市_道县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/永州市/零陵区
  out=CN_湖南省_永州市_零陵区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/湘潭市
  out=CN_湖南省_湘潭市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/湘潭市/岳塘区
  out=CN_湖南省_湘潭市_岳塘区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/湘潭市/湘乡市
  out=CN_湖南省_湘潭市_湘乡市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/湘潭市/湘潭县
  out=CN_湖南省_湘潭市_湘潭县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/湘潭市/雨湖区
  out=CN_湖南省_湘潭市_雨湖区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/湘潭市/韶山市
  out=CN_湖南省_湘潭市_韶山市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/湘西土家族苗族自治州
  out=CN_湖南省_湘西土家族苗族自治州.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/湘西土家族苗族自治州/保靖县
  out=CN_湖南省_湘西土家族苗族自治州_保靖县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/湘西土家族苗族自治州/凤凰县
  out=CN_湖南省_湘西土家族苗族自治州_凤凰县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/湘西土家族苗族自治州/古丈县
  out=CN_湖南省_湘西土家族苗族自治州_古丈县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/湘西土家族苗族自治州/吉首市
  out=CN_湖南省_湘西土家族苗族自治州_吉首市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/湘西土家族苗族自治州/永顺县
  out=CN_湖南省_湘西土家族苗族自治州_永顺县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/湘西土家族苗族自治州/泸溪县
  out=CN_湖南省_湘西土家族苗族自治州_泸溪县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/湘西土家族苗族自治州/花垣县
  out=CN_湖南省_湘西土家族苗族自治州_花垣县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/湘西土家族苗族自治州/龙山县
  out=CN_湖南省_湘西土家族苗族自治州_龙山县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/益阳市
  out=CN_湖南省_益阳市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/益阳市/南县
  out=CN_湖南省_益阳市_南县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/益阳市/安化县
  out=CN_湖南省_益阳市_安化县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/益阳市/桃江县
  out=CN_湖南省_益阳市_桃江县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/益阳市/沅江市
  out=CN_湖南省_益阳市_沅江市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/益阳市/资阳区
  out=CN_湖南省_益阳市_资阳区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/益阳市/赫山区
  out=CN_湖南省_益阳市_赫山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/衡阳市
  out=CN_湖南省_衡阳市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/衡阳市/南岳区
  out=CN_湖南省_衡阳市_南岳区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/衡阳市/常宁市
  out=CN_湖南省_衡阳市_常宁市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/衡阳市/珠晖区
  out=CN_湖南省_衡阳市_珠晖区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/衡阳市/石鼓区
  out=CN_湖南省_衡阳市_石鼓区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/衡阳市/祁东县
  out=CN_湖南省_衡阳市_祁东县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/衡阳市/耒阳市
  out=CN_湖南省_衡阳市_耒阳市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/衡阳市/蒸湘区
  out=CN_湖南省_衡阳市_蒸湘区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/衡阳市/衡东县
  out=CN_湖南省_衡阳市_衡东县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/衡阳市/衡南县
  out=CN_湖南省_衡阳市_衡南县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/衡阳市/衡山县
  out=CN_湖南省_衡阳市_衡山县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/衡阳市/衡阳县
  out=CN_湖南省_衡阳市_衡阳县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/衡阳市/雁峰区
  out=CN_湖南省_衡阳市_雁峰区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/邵阳市
  out=CN_湖南省_邵阳市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/邵阳市/北塔区
  out=CN_湖南省_邵阳市_北塔区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/邵阳市/双清区
  out=CN_湖南省_邵阳市_双清区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/邵阳市/城步苗族自治县
  out=CN_湖南省_邵阳市_城步苗族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/邵阳市/大祥区
  out=CN_湖南省_邵阳市_大祥区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/邵阳市/新宁县
  out=CN_湖南省_邵阳市_新宁县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/邵阳市/新邵县
  out=CN_湖南省_邵阳市_新邵县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/邵阳市/武冈市
  out=CN_湖南省_邵阳市_武冈市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/邵阳市/洞口县
  out=CN_湖南省_邵阳市_洞口县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/邵阳市/绥宁县
  out=CN_湖南省_邵阳市_绥宁县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/邵阳市/邵东县
  out=CN_湖南省_邵阳市_邵东县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/邵阳市/邵阳县
  out=CN_湖南省_邵阳市_邵阳县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/邵阳市/隆回县
  out=CN_湖南省_邵阳市_隆回县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/郴州市
  out=CN_湖南省_郴州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/郴州市/临武县
  out=CN_湖南省_郴州市_临武县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/郴州市/北湖区
  out=CN_湖南省_郴州市_北湖区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/郴州市/嘉禾县
  out=CN_湖南省_郴州市_嘉禾县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/郴州市/安仁县
  out=CN_湖南省_郴州市_安仁县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/郴州市/宜章县
  out=CN_湖南省_郴州市_宜章县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/郴州市/桂东县
  out=CN_湖南省_郴州市_桂东县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/郴州市/桂阳县
  out=CN_湖南省_郴州市_桂阳县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/郴州市/永兴县
  out=CN_湖南省_郴州市_永兴县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/郴州市/汝城县
  out=CN_湖南省_郴州市_汝城县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/郴州市/苏仙区
  out=CN_湖南省_郴州市_苏仙区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/郴州市/资兴市
  out=CN_湖南省_郴州市_资兴市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/长沙市
  out=CN_湖南省_长沙市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/长沙市/天心区
  out=CN_湖南省_长沙市_天心区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/长沙市/宁乡县
  out=CN_湖南省_长沙市_宁乡县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/长沙市/岳麓区
  out=CN_湖南省_长沙市_岳麓区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/长沙市/开福区
  out=CN_湖南省_长沙市_开福区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/长沙市/望城区
  out=CN_湖南省_长沙市_望城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/长沙市/浏阳市
  out=CN_湖南省_长沙市_浏阳市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/长沙市/芙蓉区
  out=CN_湖南省_长沙市_芙蓉区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/长沙市/长沙县
  out=CN_湖南省_长沙市_长沙县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/湖南省/长沙市/雨花区
  out=CN_湖南省_长沙市_雨花区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/澳门
  out=CN_澳门.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/澳门/澳门
  out=CN_澳门_澳门.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省
  out=CN_甘肃省.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/临夏回族自治州
  out=CN_甘肃省_临夏回族自治州.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/临夏回族自治州/东乡族自治县
  out=CN_甘肃省_临夏回族自治州_东乡族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/临夏回族自治州/临夏县
  out=CN_甘肃省_临夏回族自治州_临夏县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/临夏回族自治州/临夏市
  out=CN_甘肃省_临夏回族自治州_临夏市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/临夏回族自治州/和政县
  out=CN_甘肃省_临夏回族自治州_和政县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/临夏回族自治州/广河县
  out=CN_甘肃省_临夏回族自治州_广河县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/临夏回族自治州/康乐县
  out=CN_甘肃省_临夏回族自治州_康乐县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/临夏回族自治州/永靖县
  out=CN_甘肃省_临夏回族自治州_永靖县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/临夏回族自治州/积石山保安族东乡族撒拉族自治县
  out=CN_甘肃省_临夏回族自治州_积石山保安族东乡族撒拉族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/兰州市
  out=CN_甘肃省_兰州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/兰州市/七里河区
  out=CN_甘肃省_兰州市_七里河区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/兰州市/城关区
  out=CN_甘肃省_兰州市_城关区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/兰州市/安宁区
  out=CN_甘肃省_兰州市_安宁区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/兰州市/榆中县
  out=CN_甘肃省_兰州市_榆中县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/兰州市/永登县
  out=CN_甘肃省_兰州市_永登县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/兰州市/皋兰县
  out=CN_甘肃省_兰州市_皋兰县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/兰州市/红古区
  out=CN_甘肃省_兰州市_红古区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/兰州市/西固区
  out=CN_甘肃省_兰州市_西固区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/嘉峪关市
  out=CN_甘肃省_嘉峪关市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/天水市
  out=CN_甘肃省_天水市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/天水市/张家川回族自治县
  out=CN_甘肃省_天水市_张家川回族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/天水市/武山县
  out=CN_甘肃省_天水市_武山县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/天水市/清水县
  out=CN_甘肃省_天水市_清水县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/天水市/甘谷县
  out=CN_甘肃省_天水市_甘谷县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/天水市/秦安县
  out=CN_甘肃省_天水市_秦安县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/天水市/秦州区
  out=CN_甘肃省_天水市_秦州区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/天水市/麦积区
  out=CN_甘肃省_天水市_麦积区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/定西市
  out=CN_甘肃省_定西市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/定西市/临洮县
  out=CN_甘肃省_定西市_临洮县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/定西市/安定区
  out=CN_甘肃省_定西市_安定区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/定西市/岷县
  out=CN_甘肃省_定西市_岷县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/定西市/渭源县
  out=CN_甘肃省_定西市_渭源县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/定西市/漳县
  out=CN_甘肃省_定西市_漳县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/定西市/通渭县
  out=CN_甘肃省_定西市_通渭县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/定西市/陇西县
  out=CN_甘肃省_定西市_陇西县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/平凉市
  out=CN_甘肃省_平凉市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/平凉市/华亭县
  out=CN_甘肃省_平凉市_华亭县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/平凉市/崆峒区
  out=CN_甘肃省_平凉市_崆峒区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/平凉市/崇信县
  out=CN_甘肃省_平凉市_崇信县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/平凉市/庄浪县
  out=CN_甘肃省_平凉市_庄浪县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/平凉市/泾川县
  out=CN_甘肃省_平凉市_泾川县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/平凉市/灵台县
  out=CN_甘肃省_平凉市_灵台县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/平凉市/静宁县
  out=CN_甘肃省_平凉市_静宁县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/庆阳市
  out=CN_甘肃省_庆阳市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/庆阳市/华池县
  out=CN_甘肃省_庆阳市_华池县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/庆阳市/合水县
  out=CN_甘肃省_庆阳市_合水县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/庆阳市/宁县
  out=CN_甘肃省_庆阳市_宁县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/庆阳市/庆城县
  out=CN_甘肃省_庆阳市_庆城县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/庆阳市/正宁县
  out=CN_甘肃省_庆阳市_正宁县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/庆阳市/环县
  out=CN_甘肃省_庆阳市_环县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/庆阳市/西峰区
  out=CN_甘肃省_庆阳市_西峰区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/庆阳市/镇原县
  out=CN_甘肃省_庆阳市_镇原县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/张掖市
  out=CN_甘肃省_张掖市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/张掖市/临泽县
  out=CN_甘肃省_张掖市_临泽县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/张掖市/山丹县
  out=CN_甘肃省_张掖市_山丹县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/张掖市/民乐县
  out=CN_甘肃省_张掖市_民乐县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/张掖市/甘州区
  out=CN_甘肃省_张掖市_甘州区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/张掖市/肃南裕固族自治县
  out=CN_甘肃省_张掖市_肃南裕固族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/张掖市/高台县
  out=CN_甘肃省_张掖市_高台县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/武威市
  out=CN_甘肃省_武威市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/武威市/凉州区
  out=CN_甘肃省_武威市_凉州区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/武威市/古浪县
  out=CN_甘肃省_武威市_古浪县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/武威市/天祝藏族自治县
  out=CN_甘肃省_武威市_天祝藏族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/武威市/民勤县
  out=CN_甘肃省_武威市_民勤县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/甘南藏族自治州
  out=CN_甘肃省_甘南藏族自治州.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/甘南藏族自治州/临潭县
  out=CN_甘肃省_甘南藏族自治州_临潭县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/甘南藏族自治州/卓尼县
  out=CN_甘肃省_甘南藏族自治州_卓尼县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/甘南藏族自治州/合作市
  out=CN_甘肃省_甘南藏族自治州_合作市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/甘南藏族自治州/夏河县
  out=CN_甘肃省_甘南藏族自治州_夏河县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/甘南藏族自治州/玛曲县
  out=CN_甘肃省_甘南藏族自治州_玛曲县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/甘南藏族自治州/碌曲县
  out=CN_甘肃省_甘南藏族自治州_碌曲县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/甘南藏族自治州/舟曲县
  out=CN_甘肃省_甘南藏族自治州_舟曲县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/甘南藏族自治州/迭部县
  out=CN_甘肃省_甘南藏族自治州_迭部县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/白银市
  out=CN_甘肃省_白银市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/白银市/会宁县
  out=CN_甘肃省_白银市_会宁县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/白银市/平川区
  out=CN_甘肃省_白银市_平川区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/白银市/景泰县
  out=CN_甘肃省_白银市_景泰县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/白银市/白银区
  out=CN_甘肃省_白银市_白银区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/白银市/靖远县
  out=CN_甘肃省_白银市_靖远县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/酒泉市
  out=CN_甘肃省_酒泉市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/酒泉市/敦煌市
  out=CN_甘肃省_酒泉市_敦煌市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/酒泉市/玉门市
  out=CN_甘肃省_酒泉市_玉门市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/酒泉市/瓜州县
  out=CN_甘肃省_酒泉市_瓜州县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/酒泉市/肃北蒙古族自治县
  out=CN_甘肃省_酒泉市_肃北蒙古族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/酒泉市/肃州区
  out=CN_甘肃省_酒泉市_肃州区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/酒泉市/金塔县
  out=CN_甘肃省_酒泉市_金塔县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/酒泉市/阿克塞哈萨克族自治县
  out=CN_甘肃省_酒泉市_阿克塞哈萨克族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/金昌市
  out=CN_甘肃省_金昌市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/金昌市/永昌县
  out=CN_甘肃省_金昌市_永昌县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/金昌市/金川区
  out=CN_甘肃省_金昌市_金川区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/陇南市
  out=CN_甘肃省_陇南市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/陇南市/两当县
  out=CN_甘肃省_陇南市_两当县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/陇南市/宕昌县
  out=CN_甘肃省_陇南市_宕昌县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/陇南市/康县
  out=CN_甘肃省_陇南市_康县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/陇南市/徽县
  out=CN_甘肃省_陇南市_徽县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/陇南市/成县
  out=CN_甘肃省_陇南市_成县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/陇南市/文县
  out=CN_甘肃省_陇南市_文县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/陇南市/武都区
  out=CN_甘肃省_陇南市_武都区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/陇南市/礼县
  out=CN_甘肃省_陇南市_礼县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/甘肃省/陇南市/西和县
  out=CN_甘肃省_陇南市_西和县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省
  out=CN_福建省.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/三明市
  out=CN_福建省_三明市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/三明市/三元区
  out=CN_福建省_三明市_三元区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/三明市/大田县
  out=CN_福建省_三明市_大田县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/三明市/宁化县
  out=CN_福建省_三明市_宁化县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/三明市/将乐县
  out=CN_福建省_三明市_将乐县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/三明市/尤溪县
  out=CN_福建省_三明市_尤溪县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/三明市/建宁县
  out=CN_福建省_三明市_建宁县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/三明市/明溪县
  out=CN_福建省_三明市_明溪县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/三明市/梅列区
  out=CN_福建省_三明市_梅列区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/三明市/永安市
  out=CN_福建省_三明市_永安市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/三明市/沙县
  out=CN_福建省_三明市_沙县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/三明市/泰宁县
  out=CN_福建省_三明市_泰宁县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/三明市/清流县
  out=CN_福建省_三明市_清流县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/南平市
  out=CN_福建省_南平市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/南平市/光泽县
  out=CN_福建省_南平市_光泽县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/南平市/延平区
  out=CN_福建省_南平市_延平区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/南平市/建瓯市
  out=CN_福建省_南平市_建瓯市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/南平市/建阳市
  out=CN_福建省_南平市_建阳市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/南平市/政和县
  out=CN_福建省_南平市_政和县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/南平市/松溪县
  out=CN_福建省_南平市_松溪县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/南平市/武夷山市
  out=CN_福建省_南平市_武夷山市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/南平市/浦城县
  out=CN_福建省_南平市_浦城县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/南平市/邵武市
  out=CN_福建省_南平市_邵武市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/南平市/顺昌县
  out=CN_福建省_南平市_顺昌县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/厦门市
  out=CN_福建省_厦门市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/厦门市/同安区
  out=CN_福建省_厦门市_同安区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/厦门市/思明区
  out=CN_福建省_厦门市_思明区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/厦门市/海沧区
  out=CN_福建省_厦门市_海沧区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/厦门市/湖里区
  out=CN_福建省_厦门市_湖里区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/厦门市/翔安区
  out=CN_福建省_厦门市_翔安区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/厦门市/集美区
  out=CN_福建省_厦门市_集美区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/宁德市
  out=CN_福建省_宁德市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/宁德市/古田县
  out=CN_福建省_宁德市_古田县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/宁德市/周宁县
  out=CN_福建省_宁德市_周宁县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/宁德市/寿宁县
  out=CN_福建省_宁德市_寿宁县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/宁德市/屏南县
  out=CN_福建省_宁德市_屏南县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/宁德市/柘荣县
  out=CN_福建省_宁德市_柘荣县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/宁德市/福安市
  out=CN_福建省_宁德市_福安市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/宁德市/福鼎市
  out=CN_福建省_宁德市_福鼎市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/宁德市/蕉城区
  out=CN_福建省_宁德市_蕉城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/宁德市/霞浦县
  out=CN_福建省_宁德市_霞浦县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/泉州市
  out=CN_福建省_泉州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/泉州市/丰泽区
  out=CN_福建省_泉州市_丰泽区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/泉州市/南安市
  out=CN_福建省_泉州市_南安市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/泉州市/安溪县
  out=CN_福建省_泉州市_安溪县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/泉州市/德化县
  out=CN_福建省_泉州市_德化县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/泉州市/惠安县
  out=CN_福建省_泉州市_惠安县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/泉州市/晋江市
  out=CN_福建省_泉州市_晋江市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/泉州市/永春县
  out=CN_福建省_泉州市_永春县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/泉州市/泉港区
  out=CN_福建省_泉州市_泉港区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/泉州市/洛江区
  out=CN_福建省_泉州市_洛江区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/泉州市/石狮市
  out=CN_福建省_泉州市_石狮市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/泉州市/金门县
  out=CN_福建省_泉州市_金门县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/泉州市/鲤城区
  out=CN_福建省_泉州市_鲤城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/漳州市
  out=CN_福建省_漳州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/漳州市/东山县
  out=CN_福建省_漳州市_东山县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/漳州市/云霄县
  out=CN_福建省_漳州市_云霄县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/漳州市/华安县
  out=CN_福建省_漳州市_华安县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/漳州市/南靖县
  out=CN_福建省_漳州市_南靖县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/漳州市/平和县
  out=CN_福建省_漳州市_平和县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/漳州市/漳浦县
  out=CN_福建省_漳州市_漳浦县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/漳州市/芗城区
  out=CN_福建省_漳州市_芗城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/漳州市/诏安县
  out=CN_福建省_漳州市_诏安县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/漳州市/长泰县
  out=CN_福建省_漳州市_长泰县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/漳州市/龙文区
  out=CN_福建省_漳州市_龙文区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/漳州市/龙海市
  out=CN_福建省_漳州市_龙海市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/福州市
  out=CN_福建省_福州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/福州市/仓山区
  out=CN_福建省_福州市_仓山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/福州市/台江区
  out=CN_福建省_福州市_台江区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/福州市/平潭县
  out=CN_福建省_福州市_平潭县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/福州市/晋安区
  out=CN_福建省_福州市_晋安区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/福州市/永泰县
  out=CN_福建省_福州市_永泰县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/福州市/福清市
  out=CN_福建省_福州市_福清市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/福州市/罗源县
  out=CN_福建省_福州市_罗源县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/福州市/连江县
  out=CN_福建省_福州市_连江县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/福州市/长乐市
  out=CN_福建省_福州市_长乐市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/福州市/闽侯县
  out=CN_福建省_福州市_闽侯县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/福州市/闽清县
  out=CN_福建省_福州市_闽清县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/福州市/马尾区
  out=CN_福建省_福州市_马尾区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/福州市/鼓楼区
  out=CN_福建省_福州市_鼓楼区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/莆田市
  out=CN_福建省_莆田市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/莆田市/仙游县
  out=CN_福建省_莆田市_仙游县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/莆田市/城厢区
  out=CN_福建省_莆田市_城厢区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/莆田市/涵江区
  out=CN_福建省_莆田市_涵江区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/莆田市/秀屿区
  out=CN_福建省_莆田市_秀屿区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/莆田市/荔城区
  out=CN_福建省_莆田市_荔城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/龙岩市
  out=CN_福建省_龙岩市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/龙岩市/上杭县
  out=CN_福建省_龙岩市_上杭县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/龙岩市/新罗区
  out=CN_福建省_龙岩市_新罗区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/龙岩市/武平县
  out=CN_福建省_龙岩市_武平县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/龙岩市/永定县
  out=CN_福建省_龙岩市_永定县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/龙岩市/漳平市
  out=CN_福建省_龙岩市_漳平市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/龙岩市/连城县
  out=CN_福建省_龙岩市_连城县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/福建省/龙岩市/长汀县
  out=CN_福建省_龙岩市_长汀县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区
  out=CN_西藏自治区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/山南地区
  out=CN_西藏自治区_山南地区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/山南地区/乃东县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_山南地区_乃东县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/山南地区/加查县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_山南地区_加查县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/山南地区/扎囊县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_山南地区_扎囊县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/山南地区/措美县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_山南地区_措美县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/山南地区/曲松县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_山南地区_曲松县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/山南地区/桑日县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_山南地区_桑日县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/山南地区/洛扎县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_山南地区_洛扎县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/山南地区/浪卡子县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_山南地区_浪卡子县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/山南地区/琼结县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_山南地区_琼结县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/山南地区/贡嘎县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_山南地区_贡嘎县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/山南地区/错那县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_山南地区_错那县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/山南地区/隆子县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_山南地区_隆子县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/拉萨市
  out=CN_西藏自治区_拉萨市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/拉萨市/城关区
  out=CN_西藏自治区_拉萨市_城关区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/拉萨市/堆龙德庆县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_拉萨市_堆龙德庆县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/拉萨市/墨竹工卡县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_拉萨市_墨竹工卡县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/拉萨市/尼木县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_拉萨市_尼木县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/拉萨市/当雄县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_拉萨市_当雄县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/拉萨市/曲水县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_拉萨市_曲水县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/拉萨市/林周县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_拉萨市_林周县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/拉萨市/达孜县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_拉萨市_达孜县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/日喀则地区
  out=CN_西藏自治区_日喀则地区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/日喀则地区/亚东县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_日喀则地区_亚东县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/日喀则地区/仁布县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_日喀则地区_仁布县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/日喀则地区/仲巴县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_日喀则地区_仲巴县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/日喀则地区/南木林县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_日喀则地区_南木林县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/日喀则地区/吉隆县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_日喀则地区_吉隆县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/日喀则地区/定日县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_日喀则地区_定日县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/日喀则地区/定结县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_日喀则地区_定结县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/日喀则地区/岗巴县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_日喀则地区_岗巴县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/日喀则地区/康马县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_日喀则地区_康马县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/日喀则地区/拉孜县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_日喀则地区_拉孜县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/日喀则地区/日喀则市
  out=CN_西藏自治区_日喀则地区_日喀则市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/日喀则地区/昂仁县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_日喀则地区_昂仁县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/日喀则地区/江孜县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_日喀则地区_江孜县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/日喀则地区/白朗县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_日喀则地区_白朗县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/日喀则地区/聂拉木县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_日喀则地区_聂拉木县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/日喀则地区/萨嘎县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_日喀则地区_萨嘎县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/日喀则地区/萨迦县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_日喀则地区_萨迦县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/日喀则地区/谢通门县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_日喀则地区_谢通门县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/昌都地区
  out=CN_西藏自治区_昌都地区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/昌都地区/丁青县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_昌都地区_丁青县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/昌都地区/八宿县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_昌都地区_八宿县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/昌都地区/察雅县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_昌都地区_察雅县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/昌都地区/左贡县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_昌都地区_左贡县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/昌都地区/昌都县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_昌都地区_昌都县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/昌都地区/江达县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_昌都地区_江达县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/昌都地区/洛隆县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_昌都地区_洛隆县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/昌都地区/类乌齐县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_昌都地区_类乌齐县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/昌都地区/芒康县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_昌都地区_芒康县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/昌都地区/贡觉县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_昌都地区_贡觉县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/昌都地区/边坝县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_昌都地区_边坝县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/林芝地区
  out=CN_西藏自治区_林芝地区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/林芝地区/墨脱县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_林芝地区_墨脱县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/林芝地区/察隅县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_林芝地区_察隅县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/林芝地区/工布江达县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_林芝地区_工布江达县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/林芝地区/朗县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_林芝地区_朗县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/林芝地区/林芝县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_林芝地区_林芝县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/林芝地区/波密县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_林芝地区_波密县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/林芝地区/米林县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_林芝地区_米林县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/那曲地区
  out=CN_西藏自治区_那曲地区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/那曲地区/嘉黎县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_那曲地区_嘉黎县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/那曲地区/安多县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_那曲地区_安多县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/那曲地区/尼玛县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_那曲地区_尼玛县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/那曲地区/巴青县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_那曲地区_巴青县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/那曲地区/比如县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_那曲地区_比如县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/那曲地区/班戈县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_那曲地区_班戈县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/那曲地区/申扎县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_那曲地区_申扎县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/那曲地区/索县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_那曲地区_索县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/那曲地区/聂荣县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_那曲地区_聂荣县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/那曲地区/那曲县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_那曲地区_那曲县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/阿里地区
  out=CN_西藏自治区_阿里地区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/阿里地区/噶尔县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_阿里地区_噶尔县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/阿里地区/措勤县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_阿里地区_措勤县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/阿里地区/改则县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_阿里地区_改则县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/阿里地区/日土县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_阿里地区_日土县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/阿里地区/普兰县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_阿里地区_普兰县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/阿里地区/札达县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_阿里地区_札达县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/西藏自治区/阿里地区/革吉县
  out=CN_西藏自治区_阿里地区_革吉县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省
  out=CN_贵州省.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/六盘水市
  out=CN_贵州省_六盘水市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/六盘水市/六枝特区
  out=CN_贵州省_六盘水市_六枝特区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/六盘水市/水城县
  out=CN_贵州省_六盘水市_水城县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/六盘水市/盘县
  out=CN_贵州省_六盘水市_盘县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/六盘水市/钟山区
  out=CN_贵州省_六盘水市_钟山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/安顺市
  out=CN_贵州省_安顺市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/安顺市/关岭布依族苗族自治县
  out=CN_贵州省_安顺市_关岭布依族苗族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/安顺市/平坝县
  out=CN_贵州省_安顺市_平坝县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/安顺市/普定县
  out=CN_贵州省_安顺市_普定县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/安顺市/紫云苗族布依族自治县
  out=CN_贵州省_安顺市_紫云苗族布依族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/安顺市/西秀区
  out=CN_贵州省_安顺市_西秀区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/安顺市/镇宁布依族苗族自治县
  out=CN_贵州省_安顺市_镇宁布依族苗族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/毕节地区
  out=CN_贵州省_毕节地区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/毕节地区/大方县
  out=CN_贵州省_毕节地区_大方县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/毕节地区/威宁彝族回族苗族自治县
  out=CN_贵州省_毕节地区_威宁彝族回族苗族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/毕节地区/毕节市
  out=CN_贵州省_毕节地区_毕节市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/毕节地区/纳雍县
  out=CN_贵州省_毕节地区_纳雍县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/毕节地区/织金县
  out=CN_贵州省_毕节地区_织金县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/毕节地区/赫章县
  out=CN_贵州省_毕节地区_赫章县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/毕节地区/金沙县
  out=CN_贵州省_毕节地区_金沙县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/毕节地区/黔西县
  out=CN_贵州省_毕节地区_黔西县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/贵阳市
  out=CN_贵州省_贵阳市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/贵阳市/乌当区
  out=CN_贵州省_贵阳市_乌当区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/贵阳市/云岩区
  out=CN_贵州省_贵阳市_云岩区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/贵阳市/修文县
  out=CN_贵州省_贵阳市_修文县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/贵阳市/南明区
  out=CN_贵州省_贵阳市_南明区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/贵阳市/开阳县
  out=CN_贵州省_贵阳市_开阳县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/贵阳市/息烽县
  out=CN_贵州省_贵阳市_息烽县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/贵阳市/清镇市
  out=CN_贵州省_贵阳市_清镇市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/贵阳市/白云区
  out=CN_贵州省_贵阳市_白云区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/贵阳市/花溪区
  out=CN_贵州省_贵阳市_花溪区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/贵阳市/观山湖区
  out=CN_贵州省_贵阳市_观山湖区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/遵义市
  out=CN_贵州省_遵义市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/遵义市/习水县
  out=CN_贵州省_遵义市_习水县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/遵义市/仁怀市
  out=CN_贵州省_遵义市_仁怀市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/遵义市/余庆县
  out=CN_贵州省_遵义市_余庆县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/遵义市/凤冈县
  out=CN_贵州省_遵义市_凤冈县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/遵义市/务川仡佬族苗族自治县
  out=CN_贵州省_遵义市_务川仡佬族苗族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/遵义市/桐梓县
  out=CN_贵州省_遵义市_桐梓县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/遵义市/正安县
  out=CN_贵州省_遵义市_正安县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/遵义市/汇川区
  out=CN_贵州省_遵义市_汇川区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/遵义市/湄潭县
  out=CN_贵州省_遵义市_湄潭县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/遵义市/红花岗区
  out=CN_贵州省_遵义市_红花岗区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/遵义市/绥阳县
  out=CN_贵州省_遵义市_绥阳县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/遵义市/赤水市
  out=CN_贵州省_遵义市_赤水市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/遵义市/道真仡佬族苗族自治县
  out=CN_贵州省_遵义市_道真仡佬族苗族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/遵义市/遵义县
  out=CN_贵州省_遵义市_遵义县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/铜仁地区
  out=CN_贵州省_铜仁地区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/铜仁地区/万山特区
  out=CN_贵州省_铜仁地区_万山特区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/铜仁地区/印江土家族苗族自治县
  out=CN_贵州省_铜仁地区_印江土家族苗族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/铜仁地区/德江县
  out=CN_贵州省_铜仁地区_德江县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/铜仁地区/思南县
  out=CN_贵州省_铜仁地区_思南县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/铜仁地区/松桃苗族自治县
  out=CN_贵州省_铜仁地区_松桃苗族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/铜仁地区/江口县
  out=CN_贵州省_铜仁地区_江口县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/铜仁地区/沿河土家族自治县
  out=CN_贵州省_铜仁地区_沿河土家族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/铜仁地区/玉屏侗族自治县
  out=CN_贵州省_铜仁地区_玉屏侗族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/铜仁地区/石阡县
  out=CN_贵州省_铜仁地区_石阡县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/铜仁地区/铜仁市
  out=CN_贵州省_铜仁地区_铜仁市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/黔东南苗族侗族自治州
  out=CN_贵州省_黔东南苗族侗族自治州.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/黔东南苗族侗族自治州/三穗县
  out=CN_贵州省_黔东南苗族侗族自治州_三穗县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/黔东南苗族侗族自治州/丹寨县
  out=CN_贵州省_黔东南苗族侗族自治州_丹寨县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/黔东南苗族侗族自治州/从江县
  out=CN_贵州省_黔东南苗族侗族自治州_从江县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/黔东南苗族侗族自治州/凯里市
  out=CN_贵州省_黔东南苗族侗族自治州_凯里市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/黔东南苗族侗族自治州/剑河县
  out=CN_贵州省_黔东南苗族侗族自治州_剑河县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/黔东南苗族侗族自治州/台江县
  out=CN_贵州省_黔东南苗族侗族自治州_台江县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/黔东南苗族侗族自治州/天柱县
  out=CN_贵州省_黔东南苗族侗族自治州_天柱县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/黔东南苗族侗族自治州/岑巩县
  out=CN_贵州省_黔东南苗族侗族自治州_岑巩县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/黔东南苗族侗族自治州/施秉县
  out=CN_贵州省_黔东南苗族侗族自治州_施秉县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/黔东南苗族侗族自治州/榕江县
  out=CN_贵州省_黔东南苗族侗族自治州_榕江县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/黔东南苗族侗族自治州/锦屏县
  out=CN_贵州省_黔东南苗族侗族自治州_锦屏县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/黔东南苗族侗族自治州/镇远县
  out=CN_贵州省_黔东南苗族侗族自治州_镇远县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/黔东南苗族侗族自治州/雷山县
  out=CN_贵州省_黔东南苗族侗族自治州_雷山县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/黔东南苗族侗族自治州/麻江县
  out=CN_贵州省_黔东南苗族侗族自治州_麻江县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/黔东南苗族侗族自治州/黄平县
  out=CN_贵州省_黔东南苗族侗族自治州_黄平县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/黔东南苗族侗族自治州/黎平县
  out=CN_贵州省_黔东南苗族侗族自治州_黎平县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/黔南布依族苗族自治州
  out=CN_贵州省_黔南布依族苗族自治州.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/黔南布依族苗族自治州/三都水族自治县
  out=CN_贵州省_黔南布依族苗族自治州_三都水族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/黔南布依族苗族自治州/平塘县
  out=CN_贵州省_黔南布依族苗族自治州_平塘县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/黔南布依族苗族自治州/惠水县
  out=CN_贵州省_黔南布依族苗族自治州_惠水县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/黔南布依族苗族自治州/独山县
  out=CN_贵州省_黔南布依族苗族自治州_独山县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/黔南布依族苗族自治州/瓮安县
  out=CN_贵州省_黔南布依族苗族自治州_瓮安县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/黔南布依族苗族自治州/福泉市
  out=CN_贵州省_黔南布依族苗族自治州_福泉市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/黔南布依族苗族自治州/罗甸县
  out=CN_贵州省_黔南布依族苗族自治州_罗甸县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/黔南布依族苗族自治州/荔波县
  out=CN_贵州省_黔南布依族苗族自治州_荔波县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/黔南布依族苗族自治州/贵定县
  out=CN_贵州省_黔南布依族苗族自治州_贵定县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/黔南布依族苗族自治州/都匀市
  out=CN_贵州省_黔南布依族苗族自治州_都匀市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/黔南布依族苗族自治州/长顺县
  out=CN_贵州省_黔南布依族苗族自治州_长顺县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/黔南布依族苗族自治州/龙里县
  out=CN_贵州省_黔南布依族苗族自治州_龙里县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/黔西南布依族苗族自治州
  out=CN_贵州省_黔西南布依族苗族自治州.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/黔西南布依族苗族自治州/兴义市
  out=CN_贵州省_黔西南布依族苗族自治州_兴义市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/黔西南布依族苗族自治州/兴仁县
  out=CN_贵州省_黔西南布依族苗族自治州_兴仁县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/黔西南布依族苗族自治州/册亨县
  out=CN_贵州省_黔西南布依族苗族自治州_册亨县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/黔西南布依族苗族自治州/安龙县
  out=CN_贵州省_黔西南布依族苗族自治州_安龙县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/黔西南布依族苗族自治州/普安县
  out=CN_贵州省_黔西南布依族苗族自治州_普安县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/黔西南布依族苗族自治州/晴隆县
  out=CN_贵州省_黔西南布依族苗族自治州_晴隆县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/黔西南布依族苗族自治州/望谟县
  out=CN_贵州省_黔西南布依族苗族自治州_望谟县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/贵州省/黔西南布依族苗族自治州/贞丰县
  out=CN_贵州省_黔西南布依族苗族自治州_贞丰县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省
  out=CN_辽宁省.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/丹东市
  out=CN_辽宁省_丹东市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/丹东市/东港市
  out=CN_辽宁省_丹东市_东港市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/丹东市/元宝区
  out=CN_辽宁省_丹东市_元宝区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/丹东市/凤城市
  out=CN_辽宁省_丹东市_凤城市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/丹东市/宽甸满族自治县
  out=CN_辽宁省_丹东市_宽甸满族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/丹东市/振兴区
  out=CN_辽宁省_丹东市_振兴区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/丹东市/振安区
  out=CN_辽宁省_丹东市_振安区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/大连市
  out=CN_辽宁省_大连市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/大连市/中山区
  out=CN_辽宁省_大连市_中山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/大连市/庄河市
  out=CN_辽宁省_大连市_庄河市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/大连市/旅顺口区
  out=CN_辽宁省_大连市_旅顺口区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/大连市/普兰店市
  out=CN_辽宁省_大连市_普兰店市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/大连市/沙河口区
  out=CN_辽宁省_大连市_沙河口区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/大连市/瓦房店市
  out=CN_辽宁省_大连市_瓦房店市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/大连市/甘井子区
  out=CN_辽宁省_大连市_甘井子区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/大连市/西岗区
  out=CN_辽宁省_大连市_西岗区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/大连市/金州区
  out=CN_辽宁省_大连市_金州区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/大连市/长海县
  out=CN_辽宁省_大连市_长海县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/抚顺市
  out=CN_辽宁省_抚顺市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/抚顺市/东洲区
  out=CN_辽宁省_抚顺市_东洲区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/抚顺市/抚顺县
  out=CN_辽宁省_抚顺市_抚顺县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/抚顺市/新宾满族自治县
  out=CN_辽宁省_抚顺市_新宾满族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/抚顺市/新抚区
  out=CN_辽宁省_抚顺市_新抚区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/抚顺市/望花区
  out=CN_辽宁省_抚顺市_望花区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/抚顺市/清原满族自治县
  out=CN_辽宁省_抚顺市_清原满族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/抚顺市/顺城区
  out=CN_辽宁省_抚顺市_顺城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/朝阳市
  out=CN_辽宁省_朝阳市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/朝阳市/凌源市
  out=CN_辽宁省_朝阳市_凌源市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/朝阳市/北票市
  out=CN_辽宁省_朝阳市_北票市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/朝阳市/双塔区
  out=CN_辽宁省_朝阳市_双塔区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/朝阳市/喀喇沁左翼蒙古族自治县
  out=CN_辽宁省_朝阳市_喀喇沁左翼蒙古族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/朝阳市/建平县
  out=CN_辽宁省_朝阳市_建平县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/朝阳市/朝阳县
  out=CN_辽宁省_朝阳市_朝阳县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/朝阳市/龙城区
  out=CN_辽宁省_朝阳市_龙城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/本溪市
  out=CN_辽宁省_本溪市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/本溪市/南芬区
  out=CN_辽宁省_本溪市_南芬区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/本溪市/平山区
  out=CN_辽宁省_本溪市_平山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/本溪市/明山区
  out=CN_辽宁省_本溪市_明山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/本溪市/本溪满族自治县
  out=CN_辽宁省_本溪市_本溪满族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/本溪市/桓仁满族自治县
  out=CN_辽宁省_本溪市_桓仁满族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/本溪市/溪湖区
  out=CN_辽宁省_本溪市_溪湖区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/沈阳市
  out=CN_辽宁省_沈阳市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/沈阳市/东陵区
  out=CN_辽宁省_沈阳市_东陵区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/沈阳市/于洪区
  out=CN_辽宁省_沈阳市_于洪区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/沈阳市/和平区
  out=CN_辽宁省_沈阳市_和平区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/沈阳市/大东区
  out=CN_辽宁省_沈阳市_大东区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/沈阳市/康平县
  out=CN_辽宁省_沈阳市_康平县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/沈阳市/新民市
  out=CN_辽宁省_沈阳市_新民市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/沈阳市/沈北新区
  out=CN_辽宁省_沈阳市_沈北新区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/沈阳市/沈河区
  out=CN_辽宁省_沈阳市_沈河区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/沈阳市/法库县
  out=CN_辽宁省_沈阳市_法库县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/沈阳市/皇姑区
  out=CN_辽宁省_沈阳市_皇姑区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/沈阳市/苏家屯区
  out=CN_辽宁省_沈阳市_苏家屯区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/沈阳市/辽中县
  out=CN_辽宁省_沈阳市_辽中县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/沈阳市/铁西区
  out=CN_辽宁省_沈阳市_铁西区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/盘锦市
  out=CN_辽宁省_盘锦市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/盘锦市/兴隆台区
  out=CN_辽宁省_盘锦市_兴隆台区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/盘锦市/双台子区
  out=CN_辽宁省_盘锦市_双台子区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/盘锦市/大洼县
  out=CN_辽宁省_盘锦市_大洼县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/盘锦市/盘山县
  out=CN_辽宁省_盘锦市_盘山县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/营口市
  out=CN_辽宁省_营口市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/营口市/大石桥市
  out=CN_辽宁省_营口市_大石桥市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/营口市/盖州市
  out=CN_辽宁省_营口市_盖州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/营口市/站前区
  out=CN_辽宁省_营口市_站前区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/营口市/老边区
  out=CN_辽宁省_营口市_老边区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/营口市/西市区
  out=CN_辽宁省_营口市_西市区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/营口市/鲅鱼圈区
  out=CN_辽宁省_营口市_鲅鱼圈区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/葫芦岛市
  out=CN_辽宁省_葫芦岛市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/葫芦岛市/兴城市
  out=CN_辽宁省_葫芦岛市_兴城市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/葫芦岛市/南票区
  out=CN_辽宁省_葫芦岛市_南票区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/葫芦岛市/建昌县
  out=CN_辽宁省_葫芦岛市_建昌县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/葫芦岛市/绥中县
  out=CN_辽宁省_葫芦岛市_绥中县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/葫芦岛市/连山区
  out=CN_辽宁省_葫芦岛市_连山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/葫芦岛市/龙港区
  out=CN_辽宁省_葫芦岛市_龙港区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/辽阳市
  out=CN_辽宁省_辽阳市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/辽阳市/太子河区
  out=CN_辽宁省_辽阳市_太子河区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/辽阳市/宏伟区
  out=CN_辽宁省_辽阳市_宏伟区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/辽阳市/弓长岭区
  out=CN_辽宁省_辽阳市_弓长岭区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/辽阳市/文圣区
  out=CN_辽宁省_辽阳市_文圣区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/辽阳市/灯塔市
  out=CN_辽宁省_辽阳市_灯塔市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/辽阳市/白塔区
  out=CN_辽宁省_辽阳市_白塔区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/辽阳市/辽阳县
  out=CN_辽宁省_辽阳市_辽阳县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/铁岭市
  out=CN_辽宁省_铁岭市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/铁岭市/开原市
  out=CN_辽宁省_铁岭市_开原市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/铁岭市/昌图县
  out=CN_辽宁省_铁岭市_昌图县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/铁岭市/清河区
  out=CN_辽宁省_铁岭市_清河区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/铁岭市/西丰县
  out=CN_辽宁省_铁岭市_西丰县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/铁岭市/调兵山市
  out=CN_辽宁省_铁岭市_调兵山市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/铁岭市/铁岭县
  out=CN_辽宁省_铁岭市_铁岭县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/铁岭市/银州区
  out=CN_辽宁省_铁岭市_银州区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/锦州市
  out=CN_辽宁省_锦州市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/锦州市/义县
  out=CN_辽宁省_锦州市_义县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/锦州市/凌河区
  out=CN_辽宁省_锦州市_凌河区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/锦州市/凌海市
  out=CN_辽宁省_锦州市_凌海市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/锦州市/北镇市
  out=CN_辽宁省_锦州市_北镇市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/锦州市/古塔区
  out=CN_辽宁省_锦州市_古塔区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/锦州市/太和区
  out=CN_辽宁省_锦州市_太和区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/锦州市/黑山县
  out=CN_辽宁省_锦州市_黑山县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/阜新市
  out=CN_辽宁省_阜新市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/阜新市/太平区
  out=CN_辽宁省_阜新市_太平区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/阜新市/彰武县
  out=CN_辽宁省_阜新市_彰武县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/阜新市/新邱区
  out=CN_辽宁省_阜新市_新邱区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/阜新市/海州区
  out=CN_辽宁省_阜新市_海州区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/阜新市/清河门区
  out=CN_辽宁省_阜新市_清河门区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/阜新市/细河区
  out=CN_辽宁省_阜新市_细河区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/阜新市/阜新蒙古族自治县
  out=CN_辽宁省_阜新市_阜新蒙古族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/鞍山市
  out=CN_辽宁省_鞍山市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/鞍山市/千山区
  out=CN_辽宁省_鞍山市_千山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/鞍山市/台安县
  out=CN_辽宁省_鞍山市_台安县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/鞍山市/岫岩满族自治县
  out=CN_辽宁省_鞍山市_岫岩满族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/鞍山市/海城市
  out=CN_辽宁省_鞍山市_海城市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/鞍山市/立山区
  out=CN_辽宁省_鞍山市_立山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/鞍山市/铁东区
  out=CN_辽宁省_鞍山市_铁东区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/辽宁省/鞍山市/铁西区
  out=CN_辽宁省_鞍山市_铁西区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/重庆市
  out=CN_重庆市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/重庆市/万州区
  out=CN_重庆市_万州区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/重庆市/丰都县
  out=CN_重庆市_丰都县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/重庆市/九龙坡区
  out=CN_重庆市_九龙坡区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/重庆市/云阳县
  out=CN_重庆市_云阳县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/重庆市/北碚区
  out=CN_重庆市_北碚区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/重庆市/南岸区
  out=CN_重庆市_南岸区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/重庆市/南川区
  out=CN_重庆市_南川区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/重庆市/合川区
  out=CN_重庆市_合川区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/重庆市/垫江县
  out=CN_重庆市_垫江县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/重庆市/城口县
  out=CN_重庆市_城口县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/重庆市/大渡口区
  out=CN_重庆市_大渡口区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/重庆市/大足区
  out=CN_重庆市_大足区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/重庆市/奉节县
  out=CN_重庆市_奉节县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/重庆市/巫山县
  out=CN_重庆市_巫山县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/重庆市/巫溪县
  out=CN_重庆市_巫溪县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/重庆市/巴南区
  out=CN_重庆市_巴南区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/重庆市/开县
  out=CN_重庆市_开县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/重庆市/彭水苗族土家族自治县
  out=CN_重庆市_彭水苗族土家族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/重庆市/忠县
  out=CN_重庆市_忠县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/重庆市/梁平县
  out=CN_重庆市_梁平县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/重庆市/武隆县
  out=CN_重庆市_武隆县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/重庆市/永川区
  out=CN_重庆市_永川区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/重庆市/江北区
  out=CN_重庆市_江北区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/重庆市/江津区
  out=CN_重庆市_江津区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/重庆市/沙坪坝区
  out=CN_重庆市_沙坪坝区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/重庆市/涪陵区
  out=CN_重庆市_涪陵区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/重庆市/渝中区
  out=CN_重庆市_渝中区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/重庆市/渝北区
  out=CN_重庆市_渝北区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/重庆市/潼南县
  out=CN_重庆市_潼南县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/重庆市/璧山县
  out=CN_重庆市_璧山县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/重庆市/石柱土家族自治县
  out=CN_重庆市_石柱土家族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/重庆市/秀山土家族苗族自治县
  out=CN_重庆市_秀山土家族苗族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/重庆市/綦江区
  out=CN_重庆市_綦江区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/重庆市/荣昌县
  out=CN_重庆市_荣昌县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/重庆市/酉阳土家族苗族自治县
  out=CN_重庆市_酉阳土家族苗族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/重庆市/铜梁县
  out=CN_重庆市_铜梁县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/重庆市/长寿区
  out=CN_重庆市_长寿区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/重庆市/黔江区
  out=CN_重庆市_黔江区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省
  out=CN_陕西省.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/咸阳市
  out=CN_陕西省_咸阳市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/咸阳市/三原县
  out=CN_陕西省_咸阳市_三原县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/咸阳市/乾县
  out=CN_陕西省_咸阳市_乾县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/咸阳市/兴平市
  out=CN_陕西省_咸阳市_兴平市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/咸阳市/彬县
  out=CN_陕西省_咸阳市_彬县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/咸阳市/旬邑县
  out=CN_陕西省_咸阳市_旬邑县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/咸阳市/杨凌区
  out=CN_陕西省_咸阳市_杨凌区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/咸阳市/武功县
  out=CN_陕西省_咸阳市_武功县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/咸阳市/永寿县
  out=CN_陕西省_咸阳市_永寿县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/咸阳市/泾阳县
  out=CN_陕西省_咸阳市_泾阳县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/咸阳市/淳化县
  out=CN_陕西省_咸阳市_淳化县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/咸阳市/渭城区
  out=CN_陕西省_咸阳市_渭城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/咸阳市/礼泉县
  out=CN_陕西省_咸阳市_礼泉县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/咸阳市/秦都区
  out=CN_陕西省_咸阳市_秦都区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/咸阳市/长武县
  out=CN_陕西省_咸阳市_长武县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/商洛市
  out=CN_陕西省_商洛市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/商洛市/丹凤县
  out=CN_陕西省_商洛市_丹凤县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/商洛市/商南县
  out=CN_陕西省_商洛市_商南县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/商洛市/商州区
  out=CN_陕西省_商洛市_商州区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/商洛市/山阳县
  out=CN_陕西省_商洛市_山阳县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/商洛市/柞水县
  out=CN_陕西省_商洛市_柞水县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/商洛市/洛南县
  out=CN_陕西省_商洛市_洛南县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/商洛市/镇安县
  out=CN_陕西省_商洛市_镇安县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/安康市
  out=CN_陕西省_安康市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/安康市/宁陕县
  out=CN_陕西省_安康市_宁陕县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/安康市/岚皋县
  out=CN_陕西省_安康市_岚皋县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/安康市/平利县
  out=CN_陕西省_安康市_平利县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/安康市/旬阳县
  out=CN_陕西省_安康市_旬阳县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/安康市/汉滨区
  out=CN_陕西省_安康市_汉滨区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/安康市/汉阴县
  out=CN_陕西省_安康市_汉阴县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/安康市/白河县
  out=CN_陕西省_安康市_白河县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/安康市/石泉县
  out=CN_陕西省_安康市_石泉县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/安康市/紫阳县
  out=CN_陕西省_安康市_紫阳县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/安康市/镇坪县
  out=CN_陕西省_安康市_镇坪县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/宝鸡市
  out=CN_陕西省_宝鸡市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/宝鸡市/凤县
  out=CN_陕西省_宝鸡市_凤县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/宝鸡市/凤翔县
  out=CN_陕西省_宝鸡市_凤翔县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/宝鸡市/千阳县
  out=CN_陕西省_宝鸡市_千阳县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/宝鸡市/太白县
  out=CN_陕西省_宝鸡市_太白县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/宝鸡市/岐山县
  out=CN_陕西省_宝鸡市_岐山县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/宝鸡市/扶风县
  out=CN_陕西省_宝鸡市_扶风县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/宝鸡市/渭滨区
  out=CN_陕西省_宝鸡市_渭滨区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/宝鸡市/眉县
  out=CN_陕西省_宝鸡市_眉县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/宝鸡市/金台区
  out=CN_陕西省_宝鸡市_金台区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/宝鸡市/陇县
  out=CN_陕西省_宝鸡市_陇县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/宝鸡市/陈仓区
  out=CN_陕西省_宝鸡市_陈仓区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/宝鸡市/麟游县
  out=CN_陕西省_宝鸡市_麟游县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/延安市
  out=CN_陕西省_延安市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/延安市/吴起县
  out=CN_陕西省_延安市_吴起县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/延安市/子长县
  out=CN_陕西省_延安市_子长县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/延安市/安塞县
  out=CN_陕西省_延安市_安塞县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/延安市/宜川县
  out=CN_陕西省_延安市_宜川县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/延安市/宝塔区
  out=CN_陕西省_延安市_宝塔区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/延安市/富县
  out=CN_陕西省_延安市_富县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/延安市/延川县
  out=CN_陕西省_延安市_延川县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/延安市/延长县
  out=CN_陕西省_延安市_延长县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/延安市/志丹县
  out=CN_陕西省_延安市_志丹县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/延安市/洛川县
  out=CN_陕西省_延安市_洛川县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/延安市/甘泉县
  out=CN_陕西省_延安市_甘泉县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/延安市/黄陵县
  out=CN_陕西省_延安市_黄陵县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/延安市/黄龙县
  out=CN_陕西省_延安市_黄龙县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/榆林市
  out=CN_陕西省_榆林市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/榆林市/佳县
  out=CN_陕西省_榆林市_佳县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/榆林市/吴堡县
  out=CN_陕西省_榆林市_吴堡县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/榆林市/子洲县
  out=CN_陕西省_榆林市_子洲县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/榆林市/定边县
  out=CN_陕西省_榆林市_定边县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/榆林市/府谷县
  out=CN_陕西省_榆林市_府谷县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/榆林市/榆阳区
  out=CN_陕西省_榆林市_榆阳区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/榆林市/横山县
  out=CN_陕西省_榆林市_横山县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/榆林市/清涧县
  out=CN_陕西省_榆林市_清涧县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/榆林市/神木县
  out=CN_陕西省_榆林市_神木县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/榆林市/米脂县
  out=CN_陕西省_榆林市_米脂县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/榆林市/绥德县
  out=CN_陕西省_榆林市_绥德县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/榆林市/靖边县
  out=CN_陕西省_榆林市_靖边县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/汉中市
  out=CN_陕西省_汉中市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/汉中市/佛坪县
  out=CN_陕西省_汉中市_佛坪县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/汉中市/勉县
  out=CN_陕西省_汉中市_勉县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/汉中市/南郑县
  out=CN_陕西省_汉中市_南郑县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/汉中市/城固县
  out=CN_陕西省_汉中市_城固县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/汉中市/宁强县
  out=CN_陕西省_汉中市_宁强县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/汉中市/汉台区
  out=CN_陕西省_汉中市_汉台区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/汉中市/洋县
  out=CN_陕西省_汉中市_洋县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/汉中市/留坝县
  out=CN_陕西省_汉中市_留坝县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/汉中市/略阳县
  out=CN_陕西省_汉中市_略阳县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/汉中市/西乡县
  out=CN_陕西省_汉中市_西乡县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/汉中市/镇巴县
  out=CN_陕西省_汉中市_镇巴县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/渭南市
  out=CN_陕西省_渭南市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/渭南市/临渭区
  out=CN_陕西省_渭南市_临渭区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/渭南市/华县
  out=CN_陕西省_渭南市_华县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/渭南市/华阴市
  out=CN_陕西省_渭南市_华阴市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/渭南市/合阳县
  out=CN_陕西省_渭南市_合阳县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/渭南市/大荔县
  out=CN_陕西省_渭南市_大荔县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/渭南市/富平县
  out=CN_陕西省_渭南市_富平县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/渭南市/潼关县
  out=CN_陕西省_渭南市_潼关县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/渭南市/澄城县
  out=CN_陕西省_渭南市_澄城县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/渭南市/白水县
  out=CN_陕西省_渭南市_白水县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/渭南市/蒲城县
  out=CN_陕西省_渭南市_蒲城县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/渭南市/韩城市
  out=CN_陕西省_渭南市_韩城市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/西安市
  out=CN_陕西省_西安市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/西安市/临潼区
  out=CN_陕西省_西安市_临潼区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/西安市/周至县
  out=CN_陕西省_西安市_周至县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/西安市/户县
  out=CN_陕西省_西安市_户县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/西安市/新城区
  out=CN_陕西省_西安市_新城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/西安市/未央区
  out=CN_陕西省_西安市_未央区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/西安市/灞桥区
  out=CN_陕西省_西安市_灞桥区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/西安市/碑林区
  out=CN_陕西省_西安市_碑林区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/西安市/莲湖区
  out=CN_陕西省_西安市_莲湖区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/西安市/蓝田县
  out=CN_陕西省_西安市_蓝田县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/西安市/长安区
  out=CN_陕西省_西安市_长安区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/西安市/阎良区
  out=CN_陕西省_西安市_阎良区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/西安市/雁塔区
  out=CN_陕西省_西安市_雁塔区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/西安市/高陵县
  out=CN_陕西省_西安市_高陵县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/铜川市
  out=CN_陕西省_铜川市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/铜川市/印台区
  out=CN_陕西省_铜川市_印台区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/铜川市/宜君县
  out=CN_陕西省_铜川市_宜君县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/铜川市/王益区
  out=CN_陕西省_铜川市_王益区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/陕西省/铜川市/耀州区
  out=CN_陕西省_铜川市_耀州区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/青海省
  out=CN_青海省.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/青海省/果洛藏族自治州
  out=CN_青海省_果洛藏族自治州.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/青海省/果洛藏族自治州/久治县
  out=CN_青海省_果洛藏族自治州_久治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/青海省/果洛藏族自治州/玛多县
  out=CN_青海省_果洛藏族自治州_玛多县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/青海省/果洛藏族自治州/玛沁县
  out=CN_青海省_果洛藏族自治州_玛沁县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/青海省/果洛藏族自治州/班玛县
  out=CN_青海省_果洛藏族自治州_班玛县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/青海省/果洛藏族自治州/甘德县
  out=CN_青海省_果洛藏族自治州_甘德县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/青海省/果洛藏族自治州/达日县
  out=CN_青海省_果洛藏族自治州_达日县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/青海省/海东市
  out=CN_青海省_海东市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/青海省/海东市/乐都区
  out=CN_青海省_海东市_乐都区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/青海省/海东市/互助土族自治县
  out=CN_青海省_海东市_互助土族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/青海省/海东市/化隆回族自治县
  out=CN_青海省_海东市_化隆回族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/青海省/海东市/平安县
  out=CN_青海省_海东市_平安县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/青海省/海东市/循化撒拉族自治县
  out=CN_青海省_海东市_循化撒拉族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/青海省/海东市/民和回族土族自治县
  out=CN_青海省_海东市_民和回族土族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/青海省/海北藏族自治州
  out=CN_青海省_海北藏族自治州.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/青海省/海北藏族自治州/刚察县
  out=CN_青海省_海北藏族自治州_刚察县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/青海省/海北藏族自治州/海晏县
  out=CN_青海省_海北藏族自治州_海晏县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/青海省/海北藏族自治州/祁连县
  out=CN_青海省_海北藏族自治州_祁连县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/青海省/海北藏族自治州/门源回族自治县
  out=CN_青海省_海北藏族自治州_门源回族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/青海省/海南藏族自治州
  out=CN_青海省_海南藏族自治州.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/青海省/海南藏族自治州/共和县
  out=CN_青海省_海南藏族自治州_共和县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/青海省/海南藏族自治州/兴海县
  out=CN_青海省_海南藏族自治州_兴海县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/青海省/海南藏族自治州/同德县
  out=CN_青海省_海南藏族自治州_同德县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/青海省/海南藏族自治州/贵南县
  out=CN_青海省_海南藏族自治州_贵南县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/青海省/海南藏族自治州/贵德县
  out=CN_青海省_海南藏族自治州_贵德县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/青海省/海西蒙古族藏族自治州
  out=CN_青海省_海西蒙古族藏族自治州.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/青海省/海西蒙古族藏族自治州/乌兰县
  out=CN_青海省_海西蒙古族藏族自治州_乌兰县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/青海省/海西蒙古族藏族自治州/天峻县
  out=CN_青海省_海西蒙古族藏族自治州_天峻县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/青海省/海西蒙古族藏族自治州/德令哈市
  out=CN_青海省_海西蒙古族藏族自治州_德令哈市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/青海省/海西蒙古族藏族自治州/格尔木市
  out=CN_青海省_海西蒙古族藏族自治州_格尔木市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/青海省/海西蒙古族藏族自治州/都兰县
  out=CN_青海省_海西蒙古族藏族自治州_都兰县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/青海省/玉树藏族自治州
  out=CN_青海省_玉树藏族自治州.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/青海省/玉树藏族自治州/囊谦县
  out=CN_青海省_玉树藏族自治州_囊谦县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/青海省/玉树藏族自治州/曲麻莱县
  out=CN_青海省_玉树藏族自治州_曲麻莱县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/青海省/玉树藏族自治州/杂多县
  out=CN_青海省_玉树藏族自治州_杂多县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/青海省/玉树藏族自治州/治多县
  out=CN_青海省_玉树藏族自治州_治多县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/青海省/玉树藏族自治州/玉树县
  out=CN_青海省_玉树藏族自治州_玉树县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/青海省/玉树藏族自治州/称多县
  out=CN_青海省_玉树藏族自治州_称多县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/青海省/西宁市
  out=CN_青海省_西宁市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/青海省/西宁市/城东区
  out=CN_青海省_西宁市_城东区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/青海省/西宁市/城中区
  out=CN_青海省_西宁市_城中区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/青海省/西宁市/城北区
  out=CN_青海省_西宁市_城北区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/青海省/西宁市/城西区
  out=CN_青海省_西宁市_城西区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/青海省/西宁市/大通回族土族自治县
  out=CN_青海省_西宁市_大通回族土族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/青海省/西宁市/湟中县
  out=CN_青海省_西宁市_湟中县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/青海省/西宁市/湟源县
  out=CN_青海省_西宁市_湟源县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/青海省/黄南藏族自治州
  out=CN_青海省_黄南藏族自治州.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/青海省/黄南藏族自治州/同仁县
  out=CN_青海省_黄南藏族自治州_同仁县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/青海省/黄南藏族自治州/尖扎县
  out=CN_青海省_黄南藏族自治州_尖扎县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/青海省/黄南藏族自治州/河南蒙古族自治县
  out=CN_青海省_黄南藏族自治州_河南蒙古族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/青海省/黄南藏族自治州/泽库县
  out=CN_青海省_黄南藏族自治州_泽库县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/香港
  out=CN_香港.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/香港/九龍
  out=CN_香港_九龍.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/香港/新界
  out=CN_香港_新界.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/香港/香港島
  out=CN_香港_香港島.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省
  out=CN_黑龙江省.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/七台河市
  out=CN_黑龙江省_七台河市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/七台河市/勃利县
  out=CN_黑龙江省_七台河市_勃利县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/七台河市/新兴区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_七台河市_新兴区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/七台河市/桃山区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_七台河市_桃山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/七台河市/茄子河区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_七台河市_茄子河区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/伊春市
  out=CN_黑龙江省_伊春市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/伊春市/上甘岭区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_伊春市_上甘岭区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/伊春市/乌伊岭区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_伊春市_乌伊岭区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/伊春市/乌马河区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_伊春市_乌马河区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/伊春市/五营区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_伊春市_五营区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/伊春市/伊春区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_伊春市_伊春区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/伊春市/南岔区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_伊春市_南岔区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/伊春市/友好区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_伊春市_友好区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/伊春市/嘉荫县
  out=CN_黑龙江省_伊春市_嘉荫县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/伊春市/带岭区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_伊春市_带岭区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/伊春市/新青区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_伊春市_新青区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/伊春市/汤旺河区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_伊春市_汤旺河区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/伊春市/红星区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_伊春市_红星区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/伊春市/美溪区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_伊春市_美溪区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/伊春市/翠峦区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_伊春市_翠峦区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/伊春市/西林区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_伊春市_西林区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/伊春市/金山屯区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_伊春市_金山屯区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/伊春市/铁力市
  out=CN_黑龙江省_伊春市_铁力市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/佳木斯市
  out=CN_黑龙江省_佳木斯市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/佳木斯市/东风区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_佳木斯市_东风区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/佳木斯市/前进区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_佳木斯市_前进区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/佳木斯市/同江市
  out=CN_黑龙江省_佳木斯市_同江市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/佳木斯市/向阳区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_佳木斯市_向阳区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/佳木斯市/富锦市
  out=CN_黑龙江省_佳木斯市_富锦市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/佳木斯市/抚远县
  out=CN_黑龙江省_佳木斯市_抚远县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/佳木斯市/桦南县
  out=CN_黑龙江省_佳木斯市_桦南县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/佳木斯市/桦川县
  out=CN_黑龙江省_佳木斯市_桦川县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/佳木斯市/汤原县
  out=CN_黑龙江省_佳木斯市_汤原县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/佳木斯市/郊区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_佳木斯市_郊区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/双鸭山市
  out=CN_黑龙江省_双鸭山市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/双鸭山市/友谊县
  out=CN_黑龙江省_双鸭山市_友谊县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/双鸭山市/四方台区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_双鸭山市_四方台区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/双鸭山市/宝山区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_双鸭山市_宝山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/双鸭山市/宝清县
  out=CN_黑龙江省_双鸭山市_宝清县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/双鸭山市/尖山区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_双鸭山市_尖山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/双鸭山市/岭东区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_双鸭山市_岭东区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/双鸭山市/集贤县
  out=CN_黑龙江省_双鸭山市_集贤县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/双鸭山市/饶河县
  out=CN_黑龙江省_双鸭山市_饶河县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/哈尔滨市
  out=CN_黑龙江省_哈尔滨市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/哈尔滨市/五常市
  out=CN_黑龙江省_哈尔滨市_五常市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/哈尔滨市/依兰县
  out=CN_黑龙江省_哈尔滨市_依兰县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/哈尔滨市/南岗区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_哈尔滨市_南岗区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/哈尔滨市/双城市
  out=CN_黑龙江省_哈尔滨市_双城市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/哈尔滨市/呼兰区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_哈尔滨市_呼兰区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/哈尔滨市/宾县
  out=CN_黑龙江省_哈尔滨市_宾县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/哈尔滨市/尚志市
  out=CN_黑龙江省_哈尔滨市_尚志市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/哈尔滨市/巴彦县
  out=CN_黑龙江省_哈尔滨市_巴彦县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/哈尔滨市/平房区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_哈尔滨市_平房区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/哈尔滨市/延寿县
  out=CN_黑龙江省_哈尔滨市_延寿县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/哈尔滨市/方正县
  out=CN_黑龙江省_哈尔滨市_方正县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/哈尔滨市/木兰县
  out=CN_黑龙江省_哈尔滨市_木兰县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/哈尔滨市/松北区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_哈尔滨市_松北区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/哈尔滨市/通河县
  out=CN_黑龙江省_哈尔滨市_通河县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/哈尔滨市/道外区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_哈尔滨市_道外区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/哈尔滨市/道里区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_哈尔滨市_道里区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/哈尔滨市/阿城区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_哈尔滨市_阿城区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/哈尔滨市/香坊区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_哈尔滨市_香坊区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/大兴安岭地区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_大兴安岭地区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/大兴安岭地区/加格达奇区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_大兴安岭地区_加格达奇区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/大兴安岭地区/呼中区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_大兴安岭地区_呼中区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/大兴安岭地区/呼玛县
  out=CN_黑龙江省_大兴安岭地区_呼玛县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/大兴安岭地区/塔河县
  out=CN_黑龙江省_大兴安岭地区_塔河县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/大兴安岭地区/新林区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_大兴安岭地区_新林区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/大兴安岭地区/松岭区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_大兴安岭地区_松岭区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/大兴安岭地区/漠河县
  out=CN_黑龙江省_大兴安岭地区_漠河县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/大庆市
  out=CN_黑龙江省_大庆市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/大庆市/大同区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_大庆市_大同区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/大庆市/杜尔伯特蒙古族自治县
  out=CN_黑龙江省_大庆市_杜尔伯特蒙古族自治县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/大庆市/林甸县
  out=CN_黑龙江省_大庆市_林甸县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/大庆市/红岗区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_大庆市_红岗区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/大庆市/肇州县
  out=CN_黑龙江省_大庆市_肇州县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/大庆市/肇源县
  out=CN_黑龙江省_大庆市_肇源县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/大庆市/萨尔图区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_大庆市_萨尔图区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/大庆市/让胡路区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_大庆市_让胡路区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/大庆市/龙凤区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_大庆市_龙凤区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/牡丹江市
  out=CN_黑龙江省_牡丹江市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/牡丹江市/东宁县
  out=CN_黑龙江省_牡丹江市_东宁县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/牡丹江市/东安区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_牡丹江市_东安区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/牡丹江市/宁安市
  out=CN_黑龙江省_牡丹江市_宁安市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/牡丹江市/林口县
  out=CN_黑龙江省_牡丹江市_林口县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/牡丹江市/海林市
  out=CN_黑龙江省_牡丹江市_海林市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/牡丹江市/爱民区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_牡丹江市_爱民区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/牡丹江市/穆棱市
  out=CN_黑龙江省_牡丹江市_穆棱市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/牡丹江市/绥芬河市
  out=CN_黑龙江省_牡丹江市_绥芬河市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/牡丹江市/西安区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_牡丹江市_西安区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/牡丹江市/阳明区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_牡丹江市_阳明区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/绥化市
  out=CN_黑龙江省_绥化市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/绥化市/兰西县
  out=CN_黑龙江省_绥化市_兰西县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/绥化市/北林区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_绥化市_北林区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/绥化市/安达市
  out=CN_黑龙江省_绥化市_安达市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/绥化市/庆安县
  out=CN_黑龙江省_绥化市_庆安县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/绥化市/明水县
  out=CN_黑龙江省_绥化市_明水县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/绥化市/望奎县
  out=CN_黑龙江省_绥化市_望奎县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/绥化市/海伦市
  out=CN_黑龙江省_绥化市_海伦市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/绥化市/绥棱县
  out=CN_黑龙江省_绥化市_绥棱县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/绥化市/肇东市
  out=CN_黑龙江省_绥化市_肇东市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/绥化市/青冈县
  out=CN_黑龙江省_绥化市_青冈县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/鸡西市
  out=CN_黑龙江省_鸡西市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/鸡西市/城子河区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_鸡西市_城子河区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/鸡西市/密山市
  out=CN_黑龙江省_鸡西市_密山市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/鸡西市/恒山区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_鸡西市_恒山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/鸡西市/梨树区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_鸡西市_梨树区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/鸡西市/滴道区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_鸡西市_滴道区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/鸡西市/虎林市
  out=CN_黑龙江省_鸡西市_虎林市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/鸡西市/鸡东县
  out=CN_黑龙江省_鸡西市_鸡东县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/鸡西市/鸡冠区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_鸡西市_鸡冠区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/鸡西市/麻山区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_鸡西市_麻山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/鹤岗市
  out=CN_黑龙江省_鹤岗市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/鹤岗市/东山区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_鹤岗市_东山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/鹤岗市/兴安区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_鹤岗市_兴安区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/鹤岗市/兴山区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_鹤岗市_兴山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/鹤岗市/南山区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_鹤岗市_南山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/鹤岗市/向阳区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_鹤岗市_向阳区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/鹤岗市/工农区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_鹤岗市_工农区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/鹤岗市/绥滨县
  out=CN_黑龙江省_鹤岗市_绥滨县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/鹤岗市/萝北县
  out=CN_黑龙江省_鹤岗市_萝北县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/黑河市
  out=CN_黑龙江省_黑河市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/黑河市/五大连池市
  out=CN_黑龙江省_黑河市_五大连池市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/黑河市/北安市
  out=CN_黑龙江省_黑河市_北安市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/黑河市/嫩江县
  out=CN_黑龙江省_黑河市_嫩江县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/黑河市/孙吴县
  out=CN_黑龙江省_黑河市_孙吴县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/黑河市/爱辉区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_黑河市_爱辉区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/黑河市/逊克县
  out=CN_黑龙江省_黑河市_逊克县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/齐齐哈尔市
  out=CN_黑龙江省_齐齐哈尔市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/齐齐哈尔市/依安县
  out=CN_黑龙江省_齐齐哈尔市_依安县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/齐齐哈尔市/克东县
  out=CN_黑龙江省_齐齐哈尔市_克东县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/齐齐哈尔市/克山县
  out=CN_黑龙江省_齐齐哈尔市_克山县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/齐齐哈尔市/富拉尔基区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_齐齐哈尔市_富拉尔基区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/齐齐哈尔市/富裕县
  out=CN_黑龙江省_齐齐哈尔市_富裕县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/齐齐哈尔市/建华区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_齐齐哈尔市_建华区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/齐齐哈尔市/拜泉县
  out=CN_黑龙江省_齐齐哈尔市_拜泉县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/齐齐哈尔市/昂昂溪区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_齐齐哈尔市_昂昂溪区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/齐齐哈尔市/梅里斯达斡尔族区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_齐齐哈尔市_梅里斯达斡尔族区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/齐齐哈尔市/泰来县
  out=CN_黑龙江省_齐齐哈尔市_泰来县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/齐齐哈尔市/甘南县
  out=CN_黑龙江省_齐齐哈尔市_甘南县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/齐齐哈尔市/碾子山区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_齐齐哈尔市_碾子山区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/齐齐哈尔市/讷河市
  out=CN_黑龙江省_齐齐哈尔市_讷河市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/齐齐哈尔市/铁锋区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_齐齐哈尔市_铁锋区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/齐齐哈尔市/龙江县
  out=CN_黑龙江省_齐齐哈尔市_龙江县.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CN/黑龙江省/齐齐哈尔市/龙沙区
  out=CN_黑龙江省_齐齐哈尔市_龙沙区.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CO
  out=CO.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CR
  out=CR.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CV
  out=CV.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CV/Boa Vista
  out=CV_Boa Vista.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CV/Brava
  out=CV_Brava.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CV/Fogo
  out=CV_Fogo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CV/Maio
  out=CV_Maio.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CV/Sal
  out=CV_Sal.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CV/Santiago
  out=CV_Santiago.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CV/Santo Antão
  out=CV_Santo Antão.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CV/São Nicolau
  out=CV_São Nicolau.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CV/São Vicente
  out=CV_São Vicente.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CW
  out=CW.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CX
  out=CX.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CY
  out=CY.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/CZ
  out=CZ.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/DE
  out=DE.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/DJ
  out=DJ.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/DK
  out=DK.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/DM
  out=DM.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/DO
  out=DO.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/DZ
  out=DZ.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/EC
  out=EC.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/EE
  out=EE.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/EG
  out=EG.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/EG/أسوان
  out=EG_أسوان.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/EG/أسيوط
  out=EG_أسيوط.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/EG/الأقصر
  out=EG_الأقصر.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/EG/الإسكندرية
  out=EG_الإسكندرية.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/EG/الإسماعيلية
  out=EG_الإسماعيلية.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/EG/البحر الأحمر
  out=EG_البحر الأحمر.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/EG/البحيرة
  out=EG_البحيرة.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/EG/الجيزة
  out=EG_الجيزة.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/EG/الدقهلية
  out=EG_الدقهلية.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/EG/السويس
  out=EG_السويس.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/EG/الشرقية
  out=EG_الشرقية.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/EG/الغربية
  out=EG_الغربية.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/EG/الفيوم
  out=EG_الفيوم.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/EG/القاهرة
  out=EG_القاهرة.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/EG/القليوبية
  out=EG_القليوبية.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/EG/المنوفية
  out=EG_المنوفية.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/EG/المنيا
  out=EG_المنيا.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/EG/الوادي الجديد
  out=EG_الوادي الجديد.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/EG/بني سويف
  out=EG_بني سويف.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/EG/بورسعيد
  out=EG_بورسعيد.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/EG/جنوب سيناء
  out=EG_جنوب سيناء.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/EG/دمياط
  out=EG_دمياط.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/EG/سوهاج
  out=EG_سوهاج.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/EG/شمال سيناء
  out=EG_شمال سيناء.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/EG/قنا
  out=EG_قنا.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/EG/كفر الشيخ
  out=EG_كفر الشيخ.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/EG/مطروح
  out=EG_مطروح.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/EH
  out=EH.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ER
  out=ER.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ES
  out=ES.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ES/A Coruña
  out=ES_A Coruña.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ES/Albacete
  out=ES_Albacete.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ES/Alicante
  out=ES_Alicante.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ES/Almería
  out=ES_Almería.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ES/Asturias
  out=ES_Asturias.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ES/Badajoz
  out=ES_Badajoz.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ES/Barcelona
  out=ES_Barcelona.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ES/Burgos
  out=ES_Burgos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ES/Cantabria
  out=ES_Cantabria.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ES/Castellón
  out=ES_Castellón.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ES/Ceuta
  out=ES_Ceuta.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ES/Ciudad Real
  out=ES_Ciudad Real.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ES/Cuenca
  out=ES_Cuenca.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ES/Cáceres
  out=ES_Cáceres.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ES/Cádiz
  out=ES_Cádiz.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ES/Córdoba
  out=ES_Córdoba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ES/Girona
  out=ES_Girona.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ES/Granada
  out=ES_Granada.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ES/Guadalajara
  out=ES_Guadalajara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ES/Guipúzcoa
  out=ES_Guipúzcoa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ES/Huelva
  out=ES_Huelva.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ES/Huesca
  out=ES_Huesca.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ES/Islas Baleares
  out=ES_Islas Baleares.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ES/Jaén
  out=ES_Jaén.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ES/La Rioja
  out=ES_La Rioja.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ES/Las Palmas
  out=ES_Las Palmas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ES/León
  out=ES_León.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ES/Lleida
  out=ES_Lleida.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ES/Lugo
  out=ES_Lugo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ES/Madrid
  out=ES_Madrid.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ES/Melilla
  out=ES_Melilla.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ES/Murcia
  out=ES_Murcia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ES/Málaga
  out=ES_Málaga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ES/Navarra
  out=ES_Navarra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ES/Ourense
  out=ES_Ourense.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ES/Palencia
  out=ES_Palencia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ES/Pontevedra
  out=ES_Pontevedra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ES/Salamanca
  out=ES_Salamanca.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ES/Santa Cruz de Tenerife
  out=ES_Santa Cruz de Tenerife.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ES/Segovia
  out=ES_Segovia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ES/Sevilla
  out=ES_Sevilla.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ES/Soria
  out=ES_Soria.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ES/Tarragona
  out=ES_Tarragona.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ES/Teruel
  out=ES_Teruel.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ES/Toledo
  out=ES_Toledo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ES/Valencia
  out=ES_Valencia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ES/Valladolid
  out=ES_Valladolid.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ES/Vizcaya
  out=ES_Vizcaya.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ES/Zamora
  out=ES_Zamora.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ES/Zaragoza
  out=ES_Zaragoza.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ES/Álava
  out=ES_Álava.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ES/Ávila
  out=ES_Ávila.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ET
  out=ET.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/FI
  out=FI.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/FJ
  out=FJ.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/FK
  out=FK.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/FM
  out=FM.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/FO
  out=FO.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/FR
  out=FR.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/GA
  out=GA.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/GB
  out=GB.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/GD
  out=GD.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/GE
  out=GE.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/GF
  out=GF.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/GG
  out=GG.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/GH
  out=GH.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/GI
  out=GI.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/GL
  out=GL.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/GM
  out=GM.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/GN
  out=GN.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/GP
  out=GP.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/GQ
  out=GQ.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/GR
  out=GR.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/GS
  out=GS.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/GT
  out=GT.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/GU
  out=GU.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/GW
  out=GW.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/GY
  out=GY.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK
  out=HK.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK--en
  out=HK--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/Hong Kong Island--en
  out=HK_Hong Kong Island--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/Hong Kong Island/Aberdeen--en
  out=HK_Hong Kong Island_Aberdeen--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/Hong Kong Island/Admiralty--en
  out=HK_Hong Kong Island_Admiralty--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/Hong Kong Island/Ap Lei Chau--en
  out=HK_Hong Kong Island_Ap Lei Chau--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/Hong Kong Island/Causeway Bay--en
  out=HK_Hong Kong Island_Causeway Bay--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/Hong Kong Island/Central--en
  out=HK_Hong Kong Island_Central--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/Hong Kong Island/Chai Wan--en
  out=HK_Hong Kong Island_Chai Wan--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/Hong Kong Island/Chung Hom Kok--en
  out=HK_Hong Kong Island_Chung Hom Kok--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/Hong Kong Island/Deep Water Bay--en
  out=HK_Hong Kong Island_Deep Water Bay--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/Hong Kong Island/Happy Valley--en
  out=HK_Hong Kong Island_Happy Valley--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/Hong Kong Island/Kennedy Town--en
  out=HK_Hong Kong Island_Kennedy Town--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/Hong Kong Island/Mid-level--en
  out=HK_Hong Kong Island_Mid-level--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/Hong Kong Island/North Point--en
  out=HK_Hong Kong Island_North Point--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/Hong Kong Island/Pok Fu Lam--en
  out=HK_Hong Kong Island_Pok Fu Lam--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/Hong Kong Island/Quarry Bay--en
  out=HK_Hong Kong Island_Quarry Bay--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/Hong Kong Island/Repulse Bay--en
  out=HK_Hong Kong Island_Repulse Bay--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/Hong Kong Island/Sai Wan Ho--en
  out=HK_Hong Kong Island_Sai Wan Ho--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/Hong Kong Island/Sai Ying Pun--en
  out=HK_Hong Kong Island_Sai Ying Pun--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/Hong Kong Island/Shau Kei Wan--en
  out=HK_Hong Kong Island_Shau Kei Wan--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/Hong Kong Island/Shek O--en
  out=HK_Hong Kong Island_Shek O--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/Hong Kong Island/Shek Tong Tsui--en
  out=HK_Hong Kong Island_Shek Tong Tsui--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/Hong Kong Island/Sheung Wan--en
  out=HK_Hong Kong Island_Sheung Wan--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/Hong Kong Island/Stanley--en
  out=HK_Hong Kong Island_Stanley--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/Hong Kong Island/Tai Hang--en
  out=HK_Hong Kong Island_Tai Hang--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/Hong Kong Island/Tai Tam--en
  out=HK_Hong Kong Island_Tai Tam--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/Hong Kong Island/The Peak--en
  out=HK_Hong Kong Island_The Peak--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/Hong Kong Island/Wan Chai--en
  out=HK_Hong Kong Island_Wan Chai--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/Hong Kong Island/Wong Chuk Hang--en
  out=HK_Hong Kong Island_Wong Chuk Hang--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/Kowloon--en
  out=HK_Kowloon--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/Kowloon/Cha Kwo Ling--en
  out=HK_Kowloon_Cha Kwo Ling--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/Kowloon/Cheung Sha Wan--en
  out=HK_Kowloon_Cheung Sha Wan--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/Kowloon/Choi Hung--en
  out=HK_Kowloon_Choi Hung--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/Kowloon/Diamond Hill--en
  out=HK_Kowloon_Diamond Hill--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/Kowloon/Ho Man Tin--en
  out=HK_Kowloon_Ho Man Tin--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/Kowloon/Hung Hom--en
  out=HK_Kowloon_Hung Hom--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/Kowloon/Jordan--en
  out=HK_Kowloon_Jordan--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/Kowloon/Kowloon Bay--en
  out=HK_Kowloon_Kowloon Bay--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/Kowloon/Kowloon City--en
  out=HK_Kowloon_Kowloon City--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/Kowloon/Kowloon Tong--en
  out=HK_Kowloon_Kowloon Tong--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/Kowloon/Kwun Tong--en
  out=HK_Kowloon_Kwun Tong--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/Kowloon/Lai Chi Kok--en
  out=HK_Kowloon_Lai Chi Kok--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/Kowloon/Lam Tin--en
  out=HK_Kowloon_Lam Tin--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/Kowloon/Lok Fu--en
  out=HK_Kowloon_Lok Fu--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/Kowloon/Ma Tau Wai--en
  out=HK_Kowloon_Ma Tau Wai--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/Kowloon/Mei Foo--en
  out=HK_Kowloon_Mei Foo--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/Kowloon/Mong Kok--en
  out=HK_Kowloon_Mong Kok--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/Kowloon/Ngau Chi Wan--en
  out=HK_Kowloon_Ngau Chi Wan--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/Kowloon/Ngau Tau Kok--en
  out=HK_Kowloon_Ngau Tau Kok--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/Kowloon/San Po Kong--en
  out=HK_Kowloon_San Po Kong--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/Kowloon/Sau Mau Ping--en
  out=HK_Kowloon_Sau Mau Ping--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/Kowloon/Sham Shui Po--en
  out=HK_Kowloon_Sham Shui Po--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/Kowloon/Shek Kip Mei--en
  out=HK_Kowloon_Shek Kip Mei--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/Kowloon/Tai Kok Tsui--en
  out=HK_Kowloon_Tai Kok Tsui--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/Kowloon/To Kwa Wan--en
  out=HK_Kowloon_To Kwa Wan--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/Kowloon/Tsim Sha Tsui--en
  out=HK_Kowloon_Tsim Sha Tsui--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/Kowloon/Tsz Wan Shan--en
  out=HK_Kowloon_Tsz Wan Shan--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/Kowloon/Wang Tau Hom--en
  out=HK_Kowloon_Wang Tau Hom--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/Kowloon/Wong Tai Sin--en
  out=HK_Kowloon_Wong Tai Sin--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/Kowloon/Yau Ma Tei--en
  out=HK_Kowloon_Yau Ma Tei--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/Kowloon/Yau Tong--en
  out=HK_Kowloon_Yau Tong--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/Kowloon/Yau Yat Chuen--en
  out=HK_Kowloon_Yau Yat Chuen--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories--en
  out=HK_New Territories--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/Chek Lap Kok Lantau Island--en
  out=HK_New Territories_Chek Lap Kok Lantau Island--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/Cheung Chau--en
  out=HK_New Territories_Cheung Chau--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/Cheung Sha Lantau Island--en
  out=HK_New Territories_Cheung Sha Lantau Island--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/Chi Ma Wan Lantau Island--en
  out=HK_New Territories_Chi Ma Wan Lantau Island--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/Clear Water Bay--en
  out=HK_New Territories_Clear Water Bay--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/Discovery Bay Lantau Island--en
  out=HK_New Territories_Discovery Bay Lantau Island--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/Fanling--en
  out=HK_New Territories_Fanling--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/Fo Tan Sha Tin--en
  out=HK_New Territories_Fo Tan Sha Tin--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/Fu Tei Tuen Mun--en
  out=HK_New Territories_Fu Tei Tuen Mun--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/Ha Tsuen Yuen Long--en
  out=HK_New Territories_Ha Tsuen Yuen Long--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/Hang Hau Sai Kung--en
  out=HK_New Territories_Hang Hau Sai Kung--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/Hei Ling Chau--en
  out=HK_New Territories_Hei Ling Chau--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/Hung Shui Kiu--en
  out=HK_New Territories_Hung Shui Kiu--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/Kam Tin Yuen Long--en
  out=HK_New Territories_Kam Tin Yuen Long--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/Kau To Shan--en
  out=HK_New Territories_Kau To Shan--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/Kwai Chung--en
  out=HK_New Territories_Kwai Chung--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/Kwan Tei Fanling--en
  out=HK_New Territories_Kwan Tei Fanling--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/Kwu Tung--en
  out=HK_New Territories_Kwu Tung--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/Lam Tei Tuen Mun--en
  out=HK_New Territories_Lam Tei Tuen Mun--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/Lam Tsuen Tai Po--en
  out=HK_New Territories_Lam Tsuen Tai Po--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/Lamma Island--en
  out=HK_New Territories_Lamma Island--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/Lantau Island--en
  out=HK_New Territories_Lantau Island--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/Lau Fau Shan--en
  out=HK_New Territories_Lau Fau Shan--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/Lo Wai Tsuen Wan--en
  out=HK_New Territories_Lo Wai Tsuen Wan--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/Ma Liu Shui--en
  out=HK_New Territories_Ma Liu Shui--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/Ma On Shan--en
  out=HK_New Territories_Ma On Shan--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/Ma Wan--en
  out=HK_New Territories_Ma Wan--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/Mui Wo Lantau Island--en
  out=HK_New Territories_Mui Wo Lantau Island--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/Ngong Ping Lantau Island--en
  out=HK_New Territories_Ngong Ping Lantau Island--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/Pat Heung Yuen Long--en
  out=HK_New Territories_Pat Heung Yuen Long--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/Peng Chau--en
  out=HK_New Territories_Peng Chau--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/Ping Che--en
  out=HK_New Territories_Ping Che--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/Ping Shan Yuen Long--en
  out=HK_New Territories_Ping Shan Yuen Long--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/Sai Kung--en
  out=HK_New Territories_Sai Kung--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/San Hui Tuen Mun--en
  out=HK_New Territories_San Hui Tuen Mun--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/San Tin Yuen Long--en
  out=HK_New Territories_San Tin Yuen Long--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/Sha Tau Kok--en
  out=HK_New Territories_Sha Tau Kok--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/Sha Tin--en
  out=HK_New Territories_Sha Tin--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/Sham Tseng--en
  out=HK_New Territories_Sham Tseng--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/Shek Kong Yuen Long--en
  out=HK_New Territories_Shek Kong Yuen Long--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/Shek Pik Lantau Island--en
  out=HK_New Territories_Shek Pik Lantau Island--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/Sheung Shui--en
  out=HK_New Territories_Sheung Shui--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/Shuen Wan Tai Po--en
  out=HK_New Territories_Shuen Wan Tai Po--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/Siu Lam Tuen Mun--en
  out=HK_New Territories_Siu Lam Tuen Mun--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/Siu Lek Yuen Sha Tin--en
  out=HK_New Territories_Siu Lek Yuen Sha Tin--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/So Kwun Wat--en
  out=HK_New Territories_So Kwun Wat--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/Ta Kwu Ling--en
  out=HK_New Territories_Ta Kwu Ling--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/Tai Lam--en
  out=HK_New Territories_Tai Lam--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/Tai O Lantau Island--en
  out=HK_New Territories_Tai O Lantau Island--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/Tai Po Kau--en
  out=HK_New Territories_Tai Po Kau--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/Tai Po--en
  out=HK_New Territories_Tai Po--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/Tai Tong Yuen Long--en
  out=HK_New Territories_Tai Tong Yuen Long--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/Tai Wai Sha Tin--en
  out=HK_New Territories_Tai Wai Sha Tin--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/Tai Wo--en
  out=HK_New Territories_Tai Wo--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/Tam Mei Yuen Long--en
  out=HK_New Territories_Tam Mei Yuen Long--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/Tin Shui Wai--en
  out=HK_New Territories_Tin Shui Wai--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/Ting Kau--en
  out=HK_New Territories_Ting Kau--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/Ting Kok Tai Po--en
  out=HK_New Territories_Ting Kok Tai Po--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/Tong Fuk Lantau Island--en
  out=HK_New Territories_Tong Fuk Lantau Island--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/Tseung Kwan O--en
  out=HK_New Territories_Tseung Kwan O--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/Tsing Yi--en
  out=HK_New Territories_Tsing Yi--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/Tsuen Wan--en
  out=HK_New Territories_Tsuen Wan--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/Tuen Mun--en
  out=HK_New Territories_Tuen Mun--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/Tung Chung Lantau Island--en
  out=HK_New Territories_Tung Chung Lantau Island--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/New Territories/Yuen Long--en
  out=HK_New Territories_Yuen Long--en.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/九龍
  out=HK_九龍.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/九龍/九龍城
  out=HK_九龍_九龍城.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/九龍/九龍塘
  out=HK_九龍_九龍塘.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/九龍/九龍灣
  out=HK_九龍_九龍灣.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/九龍/佐敦
  out=HK_九龍_佐敦.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/九龍/何文田
  out=HK_九龍_何文田.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/九龍/又一村
  out=HK_九龍_又一村.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/九龍/土瓜灣
  out=HK_九龍_土瓜灣.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/九龍/大角咀
  out=HK_九龍_大角咀.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/九龍/尖沙咀
  out=HK_九龍_尖沙咀.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/九龍/彩虹
  out=HK_九龍_彩虹.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/九龍/慈雲山
  out=HK_九龍_慈雲山.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/九龍/新蒲崗
  out=HK_九龍_新蒲崗.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/九龍/旺角
  out=HK_九龍_旺角.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/九龍/樂富
  out=HK_九龍_樂富.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/九龍/橫頭磡
  out=HK_九龍_橫頭磡.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/九龍/油塘
  out=HK_九龍_油塘.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/九龍/油麻地
  out=HK_九龍_油麻地.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/九龍/深水埗
  out=HK_九龍_深水埗.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/九龍/牛池灣
  out=HK_九龍_牛池灣.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/九龍/牛頭角
  out=HK_九龍_牛頭角.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/九龍/石硤尾
  out=HK_九龍_石硤尾.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/九龍/秀茂坪
  out=HK_九龍_秀茂坪.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/九龍/紅磡
  out=HK_九龍_紅磡.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/九龍/美孚
  out=HK_九龍_美孚.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/九龍/茶果嶺
  out=HK_九龍_茶果嶺.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/九龍/荔枝角
  out=HK_九龍_荔枝角.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/九龍/藍田
  out=HK_九龍_藍田.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/九龍/觀塘
  out=HK_九龍_觀塘.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/九龍/鑽石山
  out=HK_九龍_鑽石山.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/九龍/長沙灣
  out=HK_九龍_長沙灣.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/九龍/馬頭圍
  out=HK_九龍_馬頭圍.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/九龍/黃大仙
  out=HK_九龍_黃大仙.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界
  out=HK_新界.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/上水
  out=HK_新界_上水.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/九肚山
  out=HK_新界_九肚山.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/元朗
  out=HK_新界_元朗.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/元朗八鄉
  out=HK_新界_元朗八鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/元朗大棠
  out=HK_新界_元朗大棠.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/元朗屏山
  out=HK_新界_元朗屏山.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/元朗廈村
  out=HK_新界_元朗廈村.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/元朗新田
  out=HK_新界_元朗新田.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/元朗潭尾
  out=HK_新界_元朗潭尾.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/元朗石崗
  out=HK_新界_元朗石崗.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/元朗錦田
  out=HK_新界_元朗錦田.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/南丫島
  out=HK_新界_南丫島.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/古洞
  out=HK_新界_古洞.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/喜靈洲
  out=HK_新界_喜靈洲.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/坪洲
  out=HK_新界_坪洲.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/坪輋
  out=HK_新界_坪輋.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/大埔
  out=HK_新界_大埔.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/大埔林村
  out=HK_新界_大埔林村.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/大埔汀角
  out=HK_新界_大埔汀角.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/大埔滘
  out=HK_新界_大埔滘.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/大埔船灣
  out=HK_新界_大埔船灣.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/大嶼山
  out=HK_新界_大嶼山.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/大嶼山塘福
  out=HK_新界_大嶼山塘福.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/大嶼山大澳
  out=HK_新界_大嶼山大澳.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/大嶼山愉景灣
  out=HK_新界_大嶼山愉景灣.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/大嶼山昂坪
  out=HK_新界_大嶼山昂坪.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/大嶼山東涌
  out=HK_新界_大嶼山東涌.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/大嶼山梅窩
  out=HK_新界_大嶼山梅窩.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/大嶼山石壁
  out=HK_新界_大嶼山石壁.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/大嶼山芝麻灣
  out=HK_新界_大嶼山芝麻灣.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/大嶼山赤鱲角
  out=HK_新界_大嶼山赤鱲角.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/大嶼山長沙
  out=HK_新界_大嶼山長沙.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/大欖
  out=HK_新界_大欖.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/天水圍
  out=HK_新界_天水圍.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/太和
  out=HK_新界_太和.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/將軍澳
  out=HK_新界_將軍澳.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/屯門
  out=HK_新界_屯門.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/屯門小欖
  out=HK_新界_屯門小欖.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/屯門新墟
  out=HK_新界_屯門新墟.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/屯門藍地
  out=HK_新界_屯門藍地.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/屯門虎地
  out=HK_新界_屯門虎地.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/打鼓嶺
  out=HK_新界_打鼓嶺.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/掃管笏
  out=HK_新界_掃管笏.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/汀九
  out=HK_新界_汀九.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/沙田
  out=HK_新界_沙田.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/沙田大圍
  out=HK_新界_沙田大圍.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/沙田小瀝源
  out=HK_新界_沙田小瀝源.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/沙田火炭
  out=HK_新界_沙田火炭.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/沙頭角
  out=HK_新界_沙頭角.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/洪水橋
  out=HK_新界_洪水橋.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/流浮山
  out=HK_新界_流浮山.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/深井
  out=HK_新界_深井.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/清水灣
  out=HK_新界_清水灣.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/粉嶺
  out=HK_新界_粉嶺.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/粉嶺軍地
  out=HK_新界_粉嶺軍地.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/荃灣
  out=HK_新界_荃灣.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/荃灣老圍
  out=HK_新界_荃灣老圍.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/葵涌
  out=HK_新界_葵涌.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/西貢
  out=HK_新界_西貢.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/西貢坑口
  out=HK_新界_西貢坑口.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/長洲
  out=HK_新界_長洲.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/青衣
  out=HK_新界_青衣.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/馬料水
  out=HK_新界_馬料水.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/馬灣
  out=HK_新界_馬灣.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/新界/馬鞍山
  out=HK_新界_馬鞍山.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/香港島
  out=HK_香港島.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/香港島/上環
  out=HK_香港島_上環.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/香港島/中環
  out=HK_香港島_中環.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/香港島/北角
  out=HK_香港島_北角.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/香港島/半山
  out=HK_香港島_半山.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/香港島/堅尼地城
  out=HK_香港島_堅尼地城.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/香港島/大坑
  out=HK_香港島_大坑.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/香港島/大潭
  out=HK_香港島_大潭.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/香港島/山頂
  out=HK_香港島_山頂.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/香港島/柴灣
  out=HK_香港島_柴灣.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/香港島/深水灣
  out=HK_香港島_深水灣.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/香港島/淺水灣
  out=HK_香港島_淺水灣.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/香港島/灣仔
  out=HK_香港島_灣仔.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/香港島/石塘咀
  out=HK_香港島_石塘咀.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/香港島/石澳
  out=HK_香港島_石澳.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/香港島/筲箕灣
  out=HK_香港島_筲箕灣.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/香港島/舂坎角
  out=HK_香港島_舂坎角.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/香港島/薄扶林
  out=HK_香港島_薄扶林.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/香港島/西灣河
  out=HK_香港島_西灣河.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/香港島/西營盤
  out=HK_香港島_西營盤.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/香港島/赤柱
  out=HK_香港島_赤柱.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/香港島/跑馬地
  out=HK_香港島_跑馬地.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/香港島/金鐘
  out=HK_香港島_金鐘.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/香港島/銅鑼灣
  out=HK_香港島_銅鑼灣.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/香港島/香港仔
  out=HK_香港島_香港仔.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/香港島/鰂魚涌
  out=HK_香港島_鰂魚涌.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/香港島/鴨脷洲
  out=HK_香港島_鴨脷洲.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HK/香港島/黃竹坑
  out=HK_香港島_黃竹坑.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HM
  out=HM.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HN
  out=HN.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HR
  out=HR.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HT
  out=HT.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/HU
  out=HU.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ID
  out=ID.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ID/Aceh
  out=ID_Aceh.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ID/Bali
  out=ID_Bali.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ID/Banten
  out=ID_Banten.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ID/Bengkulu
  out=ID_Bengkulu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ID/DKI Jakarta
  out=ID_DKI Jakarta.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ID/Daerah Istimewa Yogyakarta
  out=ID_Daerah Istimewa Yogyakarta.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ID/Gorontalo
  out=ID_Gorontalo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ID/Jambi
  out=ID_Jambi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ID/Jawa Barat
  out=ID_Jawa Barat.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ID/Jawa Tengah
  out=ID_Jawa Tengah.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ID/Jawa Timur
  out=ID_Jawa Timur.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ID/Kalimantan Barat
  out=ID_Kalimantan Barat.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ID/Kalimantan Selatan
  out=ID_Kalimantan Selatan.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ID/Kalimantan Tengah
  out=ID_Kalimantan Tengah.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ID/Kalimantan Timur
  out=ID_Kalimantan Timur.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ID/Kalimantan Utara
  out=ID_Kalimantan Utara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ID/Kepulauan Bangka Belitung
  out=ID_Kepulauan Bangka Belitung.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ID/Kepulauan Riau
  out=ID_Kepulauan Riau.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ID/Lampung
  out=ID_Lampung.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ID/Maluku
  out=ID_Maluku.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ID/Maluku Utara
  out=ID_Maluku Utara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ID/Nusa Tenggara Barat
  out=ID_Nusa Tenggara Barat.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ID/Nusa Tenggara Timur
  out=ID_Nusa Tenggara Timur.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ID/Papua
  out=ID_Papua.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ID/Papua Barat
  out=ID_Papua Barat.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ID/Riau
  out=ID_Riau.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ID/Sulawesi Barat
  out=ID_Sulawesi Barat.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ID/Sulawesi Selatan
  out=ID_Sulawesi Selatan.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ID/Sulawesi Tengah
  out=ID_Sulawesi Tengah.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ID/Sulawesi Tenggara
  out=ID_Sulawesi Tenggara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ID/Sulawesi Utara
  out=ID_Sulawesi Utara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ID/Sumatera Barat
  out=ID_Sumatera Barat.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ID/Sumatera Selatan
  out=ID_Sumatera Selatan.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ID/Sumatera Utara
  out=ID_Sumatera Utara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IE
  out=IE.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IE/Co. Carlow
  out=IE_Co. Carlow.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IE/Co. Cavan
  out=IE_Co. Cavan.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IE/Co. Clare
  out=IE_Co. Clare.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IE/Co. Cork
  out=IE_Co. Cork.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IE/Co. Donegal
  out=IE_Co. Donegal.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IE/Co. Dublin
  out=IE_Co. Dublin.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IE/Co. Galway
  out=IE_Co. Galway.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IE/Co. Kerry
  out=IE_Co. Kerry.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IE/Co. Kildare
  out=IE_Co. Kildare.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IE/Co. Kilkenny
  out=IE_Co. Kilkenny.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IE/Co. Laois
  out=IE_Co. Laois.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IE/Co. Leitrim
  out=IE_Co. Leitrim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IE/Co. Limerick
  out=IE_Co. Limerick.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IE/Co. Longford
  out=IE_Co. Longford.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IE/Co. Louth
  out=IE_Co. Louth.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IE/Co. Mayo
  out=IE_Co. Mayo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IE/Co. Meath
  out=IE_Co. Meath.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IE/Co. Monaghan
  out=IE_Co. Monaghan.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IE/Co. Offaly
  out=IE_Co. Offaly.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IE/Co. Roscommon
  out=IE_Co. Roscommon.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IE/Co. Sligo
  out=IE_Co. Sligo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IE/Co. Tipperary
  out=IE_Co. Tipperary.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IE/Co. Waterford
  out=IE_Co. Waterford.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IE/Co. Westmeath
  out=IE_Co. Westmeath.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IE/Co. Wexford
  out=IE_Co. Wexford.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IE/Co. Wicklow
  out=IE_Co. Wicklow.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IL
  out=IL.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IM
  out=IM.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IN
  out=IN.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IN/Andaman and Nicobar Islands
  out=IN_Andaman and Nicobar Islands.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IN/Andhra Pradesh
  out=IN_Andhra Pradesh.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IN/Arunachal Pradesh
  out=IN_Arunachal Pradesh.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IN/Assam
  out=IN_Assam.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IN/Bihar
  out=IN_Bihar.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IN/Chandigarh
  out=IN_Chandigarh.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IN/Chhattisgarh
  out=IN_Chhattisgarh.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IN/Dadra and Nagar Haveli
  out=IN_Dadra and Nagar Haveli.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IN/Daman and Diu
  out=IN_Daman and Diu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IN/Delhi
  out=IN_Delhi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IN/Goa
  out=IN_Goa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IN/Gujarat
  out=IN_Gujarat.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IN/Haryana
  out=IN_Haryana.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IN/Himachal Pradesh
  out=IN_Himachal Pradesh.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IN/Jammu and Kashmir
  out=IN_Jammu and Kashmir.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IN/Jharkhand
  out=IN_Jharkhand.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IN/Karnataka
  out=IN_Karnataka.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IN/Kerala
  out=IN_Kerala.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IN/Lakshadweep
  out=IN_Lakshadweep.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IN/Madhya Pradesh
  out=IN_Madhya Pradesh.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IN/Maharashtra
  out=IN_Maharashtra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IN/Manipur
  out=IN_Manipur.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IN/Meghalaya
  out=IN_Meghalaya.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IN/Mizoram
  out=IN_Mizoram.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IN/Nagaland
  out=IN_Nagaland.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IN/Odisha
  out=IN_Odisha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IN/Puducherry
  out=IN_Puducherry.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IN/Punjab
  out=IN_Punjab.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IN/Rajasthan
  out=IN_Rajasthan.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IN/Sikkim
  out=IN_Sikkim.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IN/Tamil Nadu
  out=IN_Tamil Nadu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IN/Telangana
  out=IN_Telangana.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IN/Tripura
  out=IN_Tripura.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IN/Uttar Pradesh
  out=IN_Uttar Pradesh.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IN/Uttarakhand
  out=IN_Uttarakhand.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IN/West Bengal
  out=IN_West Bengal.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IO
  out=IO.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IQ
  out=IQ.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IR
  out=IR.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IS
  out=IS.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT
  out=IT.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/AG
  out=IT_AG.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/AL
  out=IT_AL.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/AN
  out=IT_AN.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/AO
  out=IT_AO.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/AP
  out=IT_AP.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/AQ
  out=IT_AQ.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/AR
  out=IT_AR.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/AT
  out=IT_AT.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/AV
  out=IT_AV.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/BA
  out=IT_BA.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/BG
  out=IT_BG.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/BI
  out=IT_BI.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/BL
  out=IT_BL.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/BN
  out=IT_BN.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/BO
  out=IT_BO.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/BR
  out=IT_BR.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/BS
  out=IT_BS.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/BT
  out=IT_BT.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/BZ
  out=IT_BZ.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/CA
  out=IT_CA.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/CB
  out=IT_CB.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/CE
  out=IT_CE.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/CH
  out=IT_CH.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/CI
  out=IT_CI.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/CL
  out=IT_CL.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/CN
  out=IT_CN.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/CO
  out=IT_CO.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/CR
  out=IT_CR.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/CS
  out=IT_CS.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/CT
  out=IT_CT.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/CZ
  out=IT_CZ.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/EN
  out=IT_EN.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/FC
  out=IT_FC.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/FE
  out=IT_FE.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/FG
  out=IT_FG.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/FI
  out=IT_FI.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/FM
  out=IT_FM.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/FR
  out=IT_FR.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/GE
  out=IT_GE.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/GO
  out=IT_GO.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/GR
  out=IT_GR.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/IM
  out=IT_IM.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/IS
  out=IT_IS.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/KR
  out=IT_KR.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/LC
  out=IT_LC.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/LE
  out=IT_LE.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/LI
  out=IT_LI.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/LO
  out=IT_LO.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/LT
  out=IT_LT.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/LU
  out=IT_LU.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/MB
  out=IT_MB.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/MC
  out=IT_MC.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/ME
  out=IT_ME.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/MI
  out=IT_MI.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/MN
  out=IT_MN.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/MO
  out=IT_MO.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/MS
  out=IT_MS.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/MT
  out=IT_MT.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/NA
  out=IT_NA.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/NO
  out=IT_NO.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/NU
  out=IT_NU.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/OG
  out=IT_OG.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/OR
  out=IT_OR.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/OT
  out=IT_OT.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/PA
  out=IT_PA.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/PC
  out=IT_PC.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/PD
  out=IT_PD.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/PE
  out=IT_PE.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/PG
  out=IT_PG.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/PI
  out=IT_PI.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/PN
  out=IT_PN.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/PO
  out=IT_PO.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/PR
  out=IT_PR.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/PT
  out=IT_PT.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/PU
  out=IT_PU.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/PV
  out=IT_PV.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/PZ
  out=IT_PZ.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/RA
  out=IT_RA.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/RC
  out=IT_RC.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/RE
  out=IT_RE.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/RG
  out=IT_RG.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/RI
  out=IT_RI.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/RM
  out=IT_RM.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/RN
  out=IT_RN.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/RO
  out=IT_RO.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/SA
  out=IT_SA.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/SI
  out=IT_SI.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/SO
  out=IT_SO.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/SP
  out=IT_SP.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/SR
  out=IT_SR.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/SS
  out=IT_SS.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/SV
  out=IT_SV.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/TA
  out=IT_TA.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/TE
  out=IT_TE.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/TN
  out=IT_TN.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/TO
  out=IT_TO.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/TP
  out=IT_TP.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/TR
  out=IT_TR.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/TS
  out=IT_TS.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/TV
  out=IT_TV.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/UD
  out=IT_UD.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/VA
  out=IT_VA.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/VB
  out=IT_VB.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/VC
  out=IT_VC.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/VE
  out=IT_VE.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/VI
  out=IT_VI.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/VR
  out=IT_VR.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/VS
  out=IT_VS.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/VT
  out=IT_VT.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/IT/VV
  out=IT_VV.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JE
  out=JE.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JM
  out=JM.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JM/Clarendon
  out=JM_Clarendon.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JM/Hanover
  out=JM_Hanover.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JM/Kingston
  out=JM_Kingston.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JM/Manchester
  out=JM_Manchester.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JM/Portland
  out=JM_Portland.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JM/St. Andrew
  out=JM_St. Andrew.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JM/St. Ann
  out=JM_St. Ann.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JM/St. Catherine
  out=JM_St. Catherine.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JM/St. Elizabeth
  out=JM_St. Elizabeth.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JM/St. James
  out=JM_St. James.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JM/St. Mary
  out=JM_St. Mary.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JM/St. Thomas
  out=JM_St. Thomas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JM/Trelawny
  out=JM_Trelawny.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JM/Westmoreland
  out=JM_Westmoreland.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JO
  out=JO.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JP
  out=JP.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JP/三重県
  out=JP_三重県.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JP/京都府
  out=JP_京都府.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JP/佐賀県
  out=JP_佐賀県.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JP/兵庫県
  out=JP_兵庫県.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JP/北海道
  out=JP_北海道.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JP/千葉県
  out=JP_千葉県.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JP/和歌山県
  out=JP_和歌山県.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JP/埼玉県
  out=JP_埼玉県.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JP/大分県
  out=JP_大分県.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JP/大阪府
  out=JP_大阪府.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JP/奈良県
  out=JP_奈良県.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JP/宮城県
  out=JP_宮城県.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JP/宮崎県
  out=JP_宮崎県.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JP/富山県
  out=JP_富山県.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JP/山口県
  out=JP_山口県.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JP/山形県
  out=JP_山形県.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JP/山梨県
  out=JP_山梨県.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JP/岐阜県
  out=JP_岐阜県.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JP/岡山県
  out=JP_岡山県.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JP/岩手県
  out=JP_岩手県.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JP/島根県
  out=JP_島根県.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JP/広島県
  out=JP_広島県.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JP/徳島県
  out=JP_徳島県.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JP/愛媛県
  out=JP_愛媛県.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JP/愛知県
  out=JP_愛知県.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JP/新潟県
  out=JP_新潟県.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JP/東京都
  out=JP_東京都.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JP/栃木県
  out=JP_栃木県.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JP/沖縄県
  out=JP_沖縄県.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JP/滋賀県
  out=JP_滋賀県.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JP/熊本県
  out=JP_熊本県.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JP/石川県
  out=JP_石川県.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JP/神奈川県
  out=JP_神奈川県.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JP/福井県
  out=JP_福井県.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JP/福岡県
  out=JP_福岡県.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JP/福島県
  out=JP_福島県.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JP/秋田県
  out=JP_秋田県.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JP/群馬県
  out=JP_群馬県.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JP/茨城県
  out=JP_茨城県.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JP/長崎県
  out=JP_長崎県.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JP/長野県
  out=JP_長野県.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JP/青森県
  out=JP_青森県.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JP/静岡県
  out=JP_静岡県.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JP/香川県
  out=JP_香川県.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JP/高知県
  out=JP_高知県.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JP/鳥取県
  out=JP_鳥取県.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/JP/鹿児島県
  out=JP_鹿児島県.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KE
  out=KE.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KG
  out=KG.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KH
  out=KH.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KI
  out=KI.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KM
  out=KM.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KN
  out=KN.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KN/Nevis
  out=KN_Nevis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KN/St. Kitts
  out=KN_St. Kitts.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR
  out=KR.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/강원도
  out=KR_강원도.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/강원도/강릉시
  out=KR_강원도_강릉시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/강원도/고성군
  out=KR_강원도_고성군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/강원도/동해시
  out=KR_강원도_동해시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/강원도/삼척시
  out=KR_강원도_삼척시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/강원도/속초시
  out=KR_강원도_속초시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/강원도/양구군
  out=KR_강원도_양구군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/강원도/양양군
  out=KR_강원도_양양군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/강원도/영월군
  out=KR_강원도_영월군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/강원도/원주시
  out=KR_강원도_원주시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/강원도/인제군
  out=KR_강원도_인제군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/강원도/정선군
  out=KR_강원도_정선군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/강원도/철원군
  out=KR_강원도_철원군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/강원도/춘천시
  out=KR_강원도_춘천시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/강원도/태백시
  out=KR_강원도_태백시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/강원도/평창군
  out=KR_강원도_평창군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/강원도/홍천군
  out=KR_강원도_홍천군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/강원도/화천군
  out=KR_강원도_화천군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/강원도/횡성군
  out=KR_강원도_횡성군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경기도
  out=KR_경기도.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경기도/가평군
  out=KR_경기도_가평군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경기도/고양시
  out=KR_경기도_고양시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경기도/고양시/덕양구
  out=KR_경기도_고양시_덕양구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경기도/고양시/일산동구
  out=KR_경기도_고양시_일산동구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경기도/고양시/일산서구
  out=KR_경기도_고양시_일산서구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경기도/과천시
  out=KR_경기도_과천시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경기도/광명시
  out=KR_경기도_광명시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경기도/광주시
  out=KR_경기도_광주시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경기도/구리시
  out=KR_경기도_구리시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경기도/군포시
  out=KR_경기도_군포시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경기도/김포시
  out=KR_경기도_김포시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경기도/남양주시
  out=KR_경기도_남양주시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경기도/동두천시
  out=KR_경기도_동두천시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경기도/부천시
  out=KR_경기도_부천시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경기도/부천시/소사구
  out=KR_경기도_부천시_소사구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경기도/부천시/오정구
  out=KR_경기도_부천시_오정구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경기도/부천시/원미구
  out=KR_경기도_부천시_원미구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경기도/성남시
  out=KR_경기도_성남시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경기도/성남시/분당구
  out=KR_경기도_성남시_분당구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경기도/성남시/수정구
  out=KR_경기도_성남시_수정구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경기도/성남시/중원구
  out=KR_경기도_성남시_중원구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경기도/수원시
  out=KR_경기도_수원시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경기도/수원시/권선구
  out=KR_경기도_수원시_권선구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경기도/수원시/영통구
  out=KR_경기도_수원시_영통구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경기도/수원시/장안구
  out=KR_경기도_수원시_장안구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경기도/수원시/팔달구
  out=KR_경기도_수원시_팔달구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경기도/시흥시
  out=KR_경기도_시흥시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경기도/안산시
  out=KR_경기도_안산시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경기도/안산시/단원구
  out=KR_경기도_안산시_단원구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경기도/안산시/상록구
  out=KR_경기도_안산시_상록구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경기도/안성시
  out=KR_경기도_안성시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경기도/안양시
  out=KR_경기도_안양시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경기도/안양시/동안구
  out=KR_경기도_안양시_동안구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경기도/안양시/만안구
  out=KR_경기도_안양시_만안구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경기도/양주시
  out=KR_경기도_양주시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경기도/양평군
  out=KR_경기도_양평군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경기도/여주시
  out=KR_경기도_여주시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경기도/연천군
  out=KR_경기도_연천군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경기도/오산시
  out=KR_경기도_오산시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경기도/용인시
  out=KR_경기도_용인시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경기도/용인시/기흥구
  out=KR_경기도_용인시_기흥구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경기도/용인시/수지구
  out=KR_경기도_용인시_수지구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경기도/용인시/처인구
  out=KR_경기도_용인시_처인구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경기도/의왕시
  out=KR_경기도_의왕시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경기도/의정부시
  out=KR_경기도_의정부시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경기도/이천시
  out=KR_경기도_이천시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경기도/파주시
  out=KR_경기도_파주시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경기도/평택시
  out=KR_경기도_평택시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경기도/포천시
  out=KR_경기도_포천시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경기도/하남시
  out=KR_경기도_하남시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경기도/화성시
  out=KR_경기도_화성시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경상남도
  out=KR_경상남도.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경상남도/거제시
  out=KR_경상남도_거제시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경상남도/거창군
  out=KR_경상남도_거창군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경상남도/고성군
  out=KR_경상남도_고성군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경상남도/김해시
  out=KR_경상남도_김해시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경상남도/남해군
  out=KR_경상남도_남해군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경상남도/밀양시
  out=KR_경상남도_밀양시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경상남도/사천시
  out=KR_경상남도_사천시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경상남도/산청군
  out=KR_경상남도_산청군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경상남도/양산시
  out=KR_경상남도_양산시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경상남도/의령군
  out=KR_경상남도_의령군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경상남도/진주시
  out=KR_경상남도_진주시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경상남도/창녕군
  out=KR_경상남도_창녕군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경상남도/창원시
  out=KR_경상남도_창원시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경상남도/창원시/마산합포구
  out=KR_경상남도_창원시_마산합포구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경상남도/창원시/마산회원구
  out=KR_경상남도_창원시_마산회원구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경상남도/창원시/성산구
  out=KR_경상남도_창원시_성산구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경상남도/창원시/의창구
  out=KR_경상남도_창원시_의창구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경상남도/창원시/진해구
  out=KR_경상남도_창원시_진해구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경상남도/통영시
  out=KR_경상남도_통영시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경상남도/하동군
  out=KR_경상남도_하동군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경상남도/함안군
  out=KR_경상남도_함안군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경상남도/함양군
  out=KR_경상남도_함양군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경상남도/합천군
  out=KR_경상남도_합천군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경상북도
  out=KR_경상북도.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경상북도/경산시
  out=KR_경상북도_경산시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경상북도/경주시
  out=KR_경상북도_경주시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경상북도/고령군
  out=KR_경상북도_고령군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경상북도/구미시
  out=KR_경상북도_구미시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경상북도/군위군
  out=KR_경상북도_군위군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경상북도/김천시
  out=KR_경상북도_김천시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경상북도/문경시
  out=KR_경상북도_문경시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경상북도/봉화군
  out=KR_경상북도_봉화군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경상북도/상주시
  out=KR_경상북도_상주시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경상북도/성주군
  out=KR_경상북도_성주군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경상북도/안동시
  out=KR_경상북도_안동시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경상북도/영덕군
  out=KR_경상북도_영덕군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경상북도/영양군
  out=KR_경상북도_영양군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경상북도/영주시
  out=KR_경상북도_영주시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경상북도/영천시
  out=KR_경상북도_영천시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경상북도/예천군
  out=KR_경상북도_예천군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경상북도/울릉군
  out=KR_경상북도_울릉군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경상북도/울진군
  out=KR_경상북도_울진군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경상북도/의성군
  out=KR_경상북도_의성군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경상북도/청도군
  out=KR_경상북도_청도군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경상북도/청송군
  out=KR_경상북도_청송군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경상북도/칠곡군
  out=KR_경상북도_칠곡군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경상북도/포항시
  out=KR_경상북도_포항시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경상북도/포항시/남구
  out=KR_경상북도_포항시_남구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/경상북도/포항시/북구
  out=KR_경상북도_포항시_북구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/광주광역시
  out=KR_광주광역시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/광주광역시/광산구
  out=KR_광주광역시_광산구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/광주광역시/남구
  out=KR_광주광역시_남구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/광주광역시/동구
  out=KR_광주광역시_동구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/광주광역시/북구
  out=KR_광주광역시_북구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/광주광역시/서구
  out=KR_광주광역시_서구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/대구광역시
  out=KR_대구광역시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/대구광역시/남구
  out=KR_대구광역시_남구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/대구광역시/달서구
  out=KR_대구광역시_달서구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/대구광역시/달성군
  out=KR_대구광역시_달성군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/대구광역시/동구
  out=KR_대구광역시_동구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/대구광역시/북구
  out=KR_대구광역시_북구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/대구광역시/서구
  out=KR_대구광역시_서구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/대구광역시/수성구
  out=KR_대구광역시_수성구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/대구광역시/중구
  out=KR_대구광역시_중구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/대전광역시
  out=KR_대전광역시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/대전광역시/대덕구
  out=KR_대전광역시_대덕구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/대전광역시/동구
  out=KR_대전광역시_동구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/대전광역시/서구
  out=KR_대전광역시_서구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/대전광역시/유성구
  out=KR_대전광역시_유성구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/대전광역시/중구
  out=KR_대전광역시_중구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/부산광역시
  out=KR_부산광역시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/부산광역시/강서구
  out=KR_부산광역시_강서구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/부산광역시/금정구
  out=KR_부산광역시_금정구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/부산광역시/기장군
  out=KR_부산광역시_기장군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/부산광역시/남구
  out=KR_부산광역시_남구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/부산광역시/동구
  out=KR_부산광역시_동구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/부산광역시/동래구
  out=KR_부산광역시_동래구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/부산광역시/부산진구
  out=KR_부산광역시_부산진구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/부산광역시/북구
  out=KR_부산광역시_북구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/부산광역시/사상구
  out=KR_부산광역시_사상구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/부산광역시/사하구
  out=KR_부산광역시_사하구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/부산광역시/서구
  out=KR_부산광역시_서구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/부산광역시/수영구
  out=KR_부산광역시_수영구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/부산광역시/연제구
  out=KR_부산광역시_연제구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/부산광역시/영도구
  out=KR_부산광역시_영도구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/부산광역시/중구
  out=KR_부산광역시_중구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/부산광역시/해운대구
  out=KR_부산광역시_해운대구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/서울특별시
  out=KR_서울특별시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/서울특별시/강남구
  out=KR_서울특별시_강남구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/서울특별시/강동구
  out=KR_서울특별시_강동구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/서울특별시/강북구
  out=KR_서울특별시_강북구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/서울특별시/강서구
  out=KR_서울특별시_강서구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/서울특별시/관악구
  out=KR_서울특별시_관악구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/서울특별시/광진구
  out=KR_서울특별시_광진구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/서울특별시/구로구
  out=KR_서울특별시_구로구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/서울특별시/금천구
  out=KR_서울특별시_금천구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/서울특별시/노원구
  out=KR_서울특별시_노원구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/서울특별시/도봉구
  out=KR_서울특별시_도봉구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/서울특별시/동대문구
  out=KR_서울특별시_동대문구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/서울특별시/동작구
  out=KR_서울특별시_동작구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/서울특별시/마포구
  out=KR_서울특별시_마포구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/서울특별시/서대문구
  out=KR_서울특별시_서대문구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/서울특별시/서초구
  out=KR_서울특별시_서초구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/서울특별시/성동구
  out=KR_서울특별시_성동구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/서울특별시/성북구
  out=KR_서울특별시_성북구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/서울특별시/송파구
  out=KR_서울특별시_송파구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/서울특별시/양천구
  out=KR_서울특별시_양천구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/서울특별시/영등포구
  out=KR_서울특별시_영등포구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/서울특별시/용산구
  out=KR_서울특별시_용산구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/서울특별시/은평구
  out=KR_서울특별시_은평구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/서울특별시/종로구
  out=KR_서울특별시_종로구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/서울특별시/중구
  out=KR_서울특별시_중구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/서울특별시/중랑구
  out=KR_서울특별시_중랑구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/세종특별자치시
  out=KR_세종특별자치시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/세종특별자치시/금남면
  out=KR_세종특별자치시_금남면.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/세종특별자치시/도담동
  out=KR_세종특별자치시_도담동.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/세종특별자치시/부강면
  out=KR_세종특별자치시_부강면.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/세종특별자치시/소정면
  out=KR_세종특별자치시_소정면.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/세종특별자치시/아름동
  out=KR_세종특별자치시_아름동.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/세종특별자치시/연기면
  out=KR_세종특별자치시_연기면.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/세종특별자치시/연동면
  out=KR_세종특별자치시_연동면.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/세종특별자치시/연서면
  out=KR_세종특별자치시_연서면.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/세종특별자치시/장군면
  out=KR_세종특별자치시_장군면.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/세종특별자치시/전동면
  out=KR_세종특별자치시_전동면.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/세종특별자치시/전의면
  out=KR_세종특별자치시_전의면.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/세종특별자치시/조치원읍
  out=KR_세종특별자치시_조치원읍.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/세종특별자치시/종촌동
  out=KR_세종특별자치시_종촌동.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/세종특별자치시/한솔동
  out=KR_세종특별자치시_한솔동.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/울산광역시
  out=KR_울산광역시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/울산광역시/남구
  out=KR_울산광역시_남구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/울산광역시/동구
  out=KR_울산광역시_동구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/울산광역시/북구
  out=KR_울산광역시_북구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/울산광역시/울주군
  out=KR_울산광역시_울주군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/울산광역시/중구
  out=KR_울산광역시_중구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/인천광역시
  out=KR_인천광역시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/인천광역시/강화군
  out=KR_인천광역시_강화군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/인천광역시/계양구
  out=KR_인천광역시_계양구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/인천광역시/남구
  out=KR_인천광역시_남구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/인천광역시/남동구
  out=KR_인천광역시_남동구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/인천광역시/동구
  out=KR_인천광역시_동구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/인천광역시/부평구
  out=KR_인천광역시_부평구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/인천광역시/서구
  out=KR_인천광역시_서구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/인천광역시/연수구
  out=KR_인천광역시_연수구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/인천광역시/옹진군
  out=KR_인천광역시_옹진군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/인천광역시/중구
  out=KR_인천광역시_중구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/전라남도
  out=KR_전라남도.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/전라남도/강진군
  out=KR_전라남도_강진군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/전라남도/고흥군
  out=KR_전라남도_고흥군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/전라남도/곡성군
  out=KR_전라남도_곡성군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/전라남도/광양시
  out=KR_전라남도_광양시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/전라남도/구례군
  out=KR_전라남도_구례군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/전라남도/나주시
  out=KR_전라남도_나주시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/전라남도/담양군
  out=KR_전라남도_담양군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/전라남도/목포시
  out=KR_전라남도_목포시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/전라남도/무안군
  out=KR_전라남도_무안군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/전라남도/보성군
  out=KR_전라남도_보성군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/전라남도/순천시
  out=KR_전라남도_순천시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/전라남도/신안군
  out=KR_전라남도_신안군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/전라남도/여수시
  out=KR_전라남도_여수시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/전라남도/영광군
  out=KR_전라남도_영광군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/전라남도/영암군
  out=KR_전라남도_영암군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/전라남도/완도군
  out=KR_전라남도_완도군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/전라남도/장성군
  out=KR_전라남도_장성군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/전라남도/장흥군
  out=KR_전라남도_장흥군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/전라남도/진도군
  out=KR_전라남도_진도군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/전라남도/함평군
  out=KR_전라남도_함평군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/전라남도/해남군
  out=KR_전라남도_해남군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/전라남도/화순군
  out=KR_전라남도_화순군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/전라북도
  out=KR_전라북도.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/전라북도/고창군
  out=KR_전라북도_고창군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/전라북도/군산시
  out=KR_전라북도_군산시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/전라북도/김제시
  out=KR_전라북도_김제시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/전라북도/남원시
  out=KR_전라북도_남원시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/전라북도/무주군
  out=KR_전라북도_무주군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/전라북도/부안군
  out=KR_전라북도_부안군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/전라북도/순창군
  out=KR_전라북도_순창군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/전라북도/완주군
  out=KR_전라북도_완주군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/전라북도/익산시
  out=KR_전라북도_익산시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/전라북도/임실군
  out=KR_전라북도_임실군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/전라북도/장수군
  out=KR_전라북도_장수군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/전라북도/전주시
  out=KR_전라북도_전주시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/전라북도/전주시/덕진구
  out=KR_전라북도_전주시_덕진구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/전라북도/전주시/완산구
  out=KR_전라북도_전주시_완산구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/전라북도/정읍시
  out=KR_전라북도_정읍시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/전라북도/진안군
  out=KR_전라북도_진안군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/제주특별자치도
  out=KR_제주특별자치도.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/제주특별자치도/서귀포시
  out=KR_제주특별자치도_서귀포시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/제주특별자치도/제주시
  out=KR_제주특별자치도_제주시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/충청남도
  out=KR_충청남도.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/충청남도/계룡시
  out=KR_충청남도_계룡시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/충청남도/공주시
  out=KR_충청남도_공주시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/충청남도/금산군
  out=KR_충청남도_금산군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/충청남도/논산시
  out=KR_충청남도_논산시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/충청남도/당진시
  out=KR_충청남도_당진시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/충청남도/보령시
  out=KR_충청남도_보령시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/충청남도/부여군
  out=KR_충청남도_부여군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/충청남도/서산시
  out=KR_충청남도_서산시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/충청남도/서천군
  out=KR_충청남도_서천군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/충청남도/아산시
  out=KR_충청남도_아산시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/충청남도/예산군
  out=KR_충청남도_예산군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/충청남도/천안시
  out=KR_충청남도_천안시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/충청남도/천안시/동남구
  out=KR_충청남도_천안시_동남구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/충청남도/천안시/서북구
  out=KR_충청남도_천안시_서북구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/충청남도/청양군
  out=KR_충청남도_청양군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/충청남도/태안군
  out=KR_충청남도_태안군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/충청남도/홍성군
  out=KR_충청남도_홍성군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/충청북도
  out=KR_충청북도.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/충청북도/괴산군
  out=KR_충청북도_괴산군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/충청북도/단양군
  out=KR_충청북도_단양군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/충청북도/보은군
  out=KR_충청북도_보은군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/충청북도/영동군
  out=KR_충청북도_영동군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/충청북도/옥천군
  out=KR_충청북도_옥천군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/충청북도/음성군
  out=KR_충청북도_음성군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/충청북도/제천시
  out=KR_충청북도_제천시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/충청북도/증평군
  out=KR_충청북도_증평군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/충청북도/진천군
  out=KR_충청북도_진천군.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/충청북도/청주시
  out=KR_충청북도_청주시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/충청북도/청주시/상당구
  out=KR_충청북도_청주시_상당구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/충청북도/청주시/서원구
  out=KR_충청북도_청주시_서원구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/충청북도/청주시/청원구
  out=KR_충청북도_청주시_청원구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/충청북도/청주시/흥덕구
  out=KR_충청북도_청주시_흥덕구.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KR/충청북도/충주시
  out=KR_충청북도_충주시.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KW
  out=KW.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KY
  out=KY.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KY/Cayman Brac
  out=KY_Cayman Brac.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KY/Grand Cayman
  out=KY_Grand Cayman.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KY/Little Cayman
  out=KY_Little Cayman.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/KZ
  out=KZ.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/LA
  out=LA.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/LB
  out=LB.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/LC
  out=LC.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/LI
  out=LI.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/LK
  out=LK.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/LR
  out=LR.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/LS
  out=LS.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/LT
  out=LT.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/LU
  out=LU.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/LV
  out=LV.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/LY
  out=LY.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MA
  out=MA.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MC
  out=MC.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MD
  out=MD.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ME
  out=ME.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MF
  out=MF.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MG
  out=MG.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MH
  out=MH.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MK
  out=MK.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ML
  out=ML.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MM
  out=MM.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MN
  out=MN.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MO
  out=MO.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MP
  out=MP.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MQ
  out=MQ.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MR
  out=MR.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MS
  out=MS.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MT
  out=MT.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MU
  out=MU.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MV
  out=MV.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MW
  out=MW.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MX
  out=MX.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MX/AGS
  out=MX_AGS.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MX/BC
  out=MX_BC.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MX/BCS
  out=MX_BCS.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MX/CAMP
  out=MX_CAMP.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MX/CDMX
  out=MX_CDMX.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MX/CHIH
  out=MX_CHIH.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MX/CHIS
  out=MX_CHIS.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MX/COAH
  out=MX_COAH.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MX/COL
  out=MX_COL.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MX/DGO
  out=MX_DGO.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MX/GRO
  out=MX_GRO.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MX/GTO
  out=MX_GTO.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MX/HGO
  out=MX_HGO.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MX/JAL
  out=MX_JAL.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MX/MEX
  out=MX_MEX.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MX/MICH
  out=MX_MICH.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MX/MOR
  out=MX_MOR.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MX/NAY
  out=MX_NAY.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MX/NL
  out=MX_NL.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MX/OAX
  out=MX_OAX.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MX/PUE
  out=MX_PUE.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MX/QRO
  out=MX_QRO.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MX/QROO
  out=MX_QROO.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MX/SIN
  out=MX_SIN.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MX/SLP
  out=MX_SLP.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MX/SON
  out=MX_SON.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MX/TAB
  out=MX_TAB.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MX/TAMPS
  out=MX_TAMPS.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MX/TLAX
  out=MX_TLAX.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MX/VER
  out=MX_VER.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MX/YUC
  out=MX_YUC.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MX/ZAC
  out=MX_ZAC.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MY
  out=MY.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MY/Johor
  out=MY_Johor.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MY/Kedah
  out=MY_Kedah.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MY/Kelantan
  out=MY_Kelantan.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MY/Kuala Lumpur
  out=MY_Kuala Lumpur.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MY/Labuan
  out=MY_Labuan.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MY/Melaka
  out=MY_Melaka.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MY/Negeri Sembilan
  out=MY_Negeri Sembilan.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MY/Pahang
  out=MY_Pahang.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MY/Perak
  out=MY_Perak.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MY/Perlis
  out=MY_Perlis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MY/Pulau Pinang
  out=MY_Pulau Pinang.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MY/Putrajaya
  out=MY_Putrajaya.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MY/Sabah
  out=MY_Sabah.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MY/Sarawak
  out=MY_Sarawak.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MY/Selangor
  out=MY_Selangor.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MY/Terengganu
  out=MY_Terengganu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/MZ
  out=MZ.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NA
  out=NA.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NC
  out=NC.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NE
  out=NE.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NF
  out=NF.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NG
  out=NG.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NG/Abia
  out=NG_Abia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NG/Adamawa
  out=NG_Adamawa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NG/Akwa Ibom
  out=NG_Akwa Ibom.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NG/Anambra
  out=NG_Anambra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NG/Bauchi
  out=NG_Bauchi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NG/Bayelsa
  out=NG_Bayelsa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NG/Benue
  out=NG_Benue.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NG/Borno
  out=NG_Borno.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NG/Cross River
  out=NG_Cross River.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NG/Delta
  out=NG_Delta.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NG/Ebonyi
  out=NG_Ebonyi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NG/Edo
  out=NG_Edo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NG/Ekiti
  out=NG_Ekiti.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NG/Enugu
  out=NG_Enugu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NG/Federal Capital Territory
  out=NG_Federal Capital Territory.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NG/Gombe
  out=NG_Gombe.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NG/Imo
  out=NG_Imo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NG/Jigawa
  out=NG_Jigawa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NG/Kaduna
  out=NG_Kaduna.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NG/Kano
  out=NG_Kano.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NG/Katsina
  out=NG_Katsina.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NG/Kebbi
  out=NG_Kebbi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NG/Kogi
  out=NG_Kogi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NG/Kwara
  out=NG_Kwara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NG/Lagos
  out=NG_Lagos.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NG/Nasarawa
  out=NG_Nasarawa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NG/Niger
  out=NG_Niger.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NG/Ogun State
  out=NG_Ogun State.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NG/Ondo
  out=NG_Ondo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NG/Osun
  out=NG_Osun.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NG/Oyo
  out=NG_Oyo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NG/Plateau
  out=NG_Plateau.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NG/Rivers
  out=NG_Rivers.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NG/Sokoto
  out=NG_Sokoto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NG/Taraba
  out=NG_Taraba.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NG/Yobe
  out=NG_Yobe.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NG/Zamfara
  out=NG_Zamfara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NI
  out=NI.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NI/Boaco
  out=NI_Boaco.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NI/Carazo
  out=NI_Carazo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NI/Chinandega
  out=NI_Chinandega.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NI/Chontales
  out=NI_Chontales.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NI/Esteli
  out=NI_Esteli.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NI/Granada
  out=NI_Granada.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NI/Jinotega
  out=NI_Jinotega.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NI/Leon
  out=NI_Leon.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NI/Madriz
  out=NI_Madriz.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NI/Managua
  out=NI_Managua.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NI/Masaya
  out=NI_Masaya.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NI/Matagalpa
  out=NI_Matagalpa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NI/Nueva Segovia
  out=NI_Nueva Segovia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NI/Raan
  out=NI_Raan.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NI/Raas
  out=NI_Raas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NI/Rio San Juan
  out=NI_Rio San Juan.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NI/Rivas
  out=NI_Rivas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NL
  out=NL.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NO
  out=NO.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NP
  out=NP.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NR
  out=NR.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NR/Aiwo District
  out=NR_Aiwo District.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NR/Anabar District
  out=NR_Anabar District.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NR/Anetan District
  out=NR_Anetan District.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NR/Anibare District
  out=NR_Anibare District.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NR/Baiti District
  out=NR_Baiti District.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NR/Boe District
  out=NR_Boe District.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NR/Buada District
  out=NR_Buada District.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NR/Denigomodu District
  out=NR_Denigomodu District.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NR/Ewa District
  out=NR_Ewa District.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NR/Ijuw District
  out=NR_Ijuw District.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NR/Meneng District
  out=NR_Meneng District.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NR/Nibok District
  out=NR_Nibok District.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NR/Uaboe District
  out=NR_Uaboe District.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NR/Yaren District
  out=NR_Yaren District.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NU
  out=NU.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/NZ
  out=NZ.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/OM
  out=OM.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PA
  out=PA.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PE
  out=PE.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PF
  out=PF.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PG
  out=PG.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH
  out=PH.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Abra
  out=PH_Abra.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Agusan del Norte
  out=PH_Agusan del Norte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Agusan del Sur
  out=PH_Agusan del Sur.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Aklan
  out=PH_Aklan.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Albay
  out=PH_Albay.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Antique
  out=PH_Antique.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Apayao
  out=PH_Apayao.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Aurora
  out=PH_Aurora.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Basilan
  out=PH_Basilan.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Bataan
  out=PH_Bataan.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Batanes
  out=PH_Batanes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Batangas
  out=PH_Batangas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Benguet
  out=PH_Benguet.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Biliran
  out=PH_Biliran.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Bohol
  out=PH_Bohol.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Bukidnon
  out=PH_Bukidnon.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Bulacan
  out=PH_Bulacan.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Cagayan
  out=PH_Cagayan.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Camarines Norte
  out=PH_Camarines Norte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Camarines Sur
  out=PH_Camarines Sur.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Camiguin
  out=PH_Camiguin.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Capiz
  out=PH_Capiz.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Catanduanes
  out=PH_Catanduanes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Cavite
  out=PH_Cavite.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Cebu
  out=PH_Cebu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Compostela Valley
  out=PH_Compostela Valley.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Cotabato
  out=PH_Cotabato.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Davao Occidental
  out=PH_Davao Occidental.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Davao Oriental
  out=PH_Davao Oriental.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Davao del Norte
  out=PH_Davao del Norte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Davao del Sur
  out=PH_Davao del Sur.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Dinagat Islands
  out=PH_Dinagat Islands.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Eastern Samar
  out=PH_Eastern Samar.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Guimaras
  out=PH_Guimaras.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Ifugao
  out=PH_Ifugao.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Ilocos Norte
  out=PH_Ilocos Norte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Ilocos Sur
  out=PH_Ilocos Sur.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Iloilo
  out=PH_Iloilo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Isabela
  out=PH_Isabela.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Kalinga
  out=PH_Kalinga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/La Union
  out=PH_La Union.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Laguna
  out=PH_Laguna.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Lanao del Norte
  out=PH_Lanao del Norte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Lanao del Sur
  out=PH_Lanao del Sur.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Leyte
  out=PH_Leyte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Maguindanao
  out=PH_Maguindanao.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Marinduque
  out=PH_Marinduque.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Masbate
  out=PH_Masbate.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Metro Manila
  out=PH_Metro Manila.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Mindoro Occidental
  out=PH_Mindoro Occidental.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Mindoro Oriental
  out=PH_Mindoro Oriental.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Misamis Occidental
  out=PH_Misamis Occidental.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Misamis Oriental
  out=PH_Misamis Oriental.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Mountain Province
  out=PH_Mountain Province.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Negros Occidental
  out=PH_Negros Occidental.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Negros Oriental
  out=PH_Negros Oriental.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Northern Samar
  out=PH_Northern Samar.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Nueva Ecija
  out=PH_Nueva Ecija.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Nueva Vizcaya
  out=PH_Nueva Vizcaya.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Palawan
  out=PH_Palawan.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Pampanga
  out=PH_Pampanga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Pangasinan
  out=PH_Pangasinan.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Quezon Province
  out=PH_Quezon Province.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Quirino
  out=PH_Quirino.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Rizal
  out=PH_Rizal.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Romblon
  out=PH_Romblon.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Samar
  out=PH_Samar.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Sarangani
  out=PH_Sarangani.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Siquijor
  out=PH_Siquijor.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Sorsogon
  out=PH_Sorsogon.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/South Cotabato
  out=PH_South Cotabato.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Southern Leyte
  out=PH_Southern Leyte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Sultan Kudarat
  out=PH_Sultan Kudarat.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Sulu
  out=PH_Sulu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Surigao del Norte
  out=PH_Surigao del Norte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Surigao del Sur
  out=PH_Surigao del Sur.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Tarlac
  out=PH_Tarlac.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Tawi-Tawi
  out=PH_Tawi-Tawi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Zambales
  out=PH_Zambales.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Zamboanga Sibuguey
  out=PH_Zamboanga Sibuguey.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Zamboanga del Norte
  out=PH_Zamboanga del Norte.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PH/Zamboanga del Sur
  out=PH_Zamboanga del Sur.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PK
  out=PK.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PL
  out=PL.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PM
  out=PM.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PN
  out=PN.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PR
  out=PR.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PS
  out=PS.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PT
  out=PT.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PW
  out=PW.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/PY
  out=PY.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/QA
  out=QA.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RE
  out=RE.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RO
  out=RO.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RS
  out=RS.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU
  out=RU.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Автономна Республіка Крим
  out=RU_Автономна Республіка Крим.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Алтайский край
  out=RU_Алтайский край.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Амурская область
  out=RU_Амурская область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Архангельская область
  out=RU_Архангельская область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Астраханская область
  out=RU_Астраханская область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Белгородская область
  out=RU_Белгородская область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Брянская область
  out=RU_Брянская область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Владимирская область
  out=RU_Владимирская область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Волгоградская область
  out=RU_Волгоградская область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Вологодская область
  out=RU_Вологодская область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Воронежская область
  out=RU_Воронежская область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Еврейская автономная область
  out=RU_Еврейская автономная область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Забайкальский край
  out=RU_Забайкальский край.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Ивановская область
  out=RU_Ивановская область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Иркутская область
  out=RU_Иркутская область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Кабардино-Балкарская Республика
  out=RU_Кабардино-Балкарская Республика.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Калининградская область
  out=RU_Калининградская область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Калужская область
  out=RU_Калужская область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Камчатский край
  out=RU_Камчатский край.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Карачаево-Черкесская Республика
  out=RU_Карачаево-Черкесская Республика.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Кемеровская область
  out=RU_Кемеровская область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Кировская область
  out=RU_Кировская область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Костромская область
  out=RU_Костромская область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Краснодарский край
  out=RU_Краснодарский край.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Красноярский край
  out=RU_Красноярский край.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Курганская область
  out=RU_Курганская область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Курская область
  out=RU_Курская область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Ленинградская область
  out=RU_Ленинградская область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Липецкая область
  out=RU_Липецкая область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Магаданская область
  out=RU_Магаданская область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Московская область
  out=RU_Московская область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Мурманская область
  out=RU_Мурманская область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Ненецкий автономный округ
  out=RU_Ненецкий автономный округ.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Нижегородская область
  out=RU_Нижегородская область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Новгородская область
  out=RU_Новгородская область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Новосибирская область
  out=RU_Новосибирская область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Омская область
  out=RU_Омская область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Оренбургская область
  out=RU_Оренбургская область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Орловская область
  out=RU_Орловская область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Пензенская область
  out=RU_Пензенская область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Пермский край
  out=RU_Пермский край.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Приморский край
  out=RU_Приморский край.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Псковская область
  out=RU_Псковская область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Республика Адыгея
  out=RU_Республика Адыгея.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Республика Алтай
  out=RU_Республика Алтай.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Республика Башкортостан
  out=RU_Республика Башкортостан.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Республика Бурятия
  out=RU_Республика Бурятия.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Республика Дагестан
  out=RU_Республика Дагестан.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Республика Ингушетия
  out=RU_Республика Ингушетия.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Республика Калмыкия
  out=RU_Республика Калмыкия.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Республика Карелия
  out=RU_Республика Карелия.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Республика Коми
  out=RU_Республика Коми.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Республика Марий Эл
  out=RU_Республика Марий Эл.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Республика Мордовия
  out=RU_Республика Мордовия.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Республика Саха (Якутия)
  out=RU_Республика Саха (Якутия).json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Республика Северная Осетия-Алания
  out=RU_Республика Северная Осетия-Алания.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Республика Татарстан
  out=RU_Республика Татарстан.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Республика Тыва
  out=RU_Республика Тыва.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Республика Удмуртия
  out=RU_Республика Удмуртия.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Республика Хакасия
  out=RU_Республика Хакасия.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Ростовская область
  out=RU_Ростовская область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Рязанская область
  out=RU_Рязанская область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Самарская область
  out=RU_Самарская область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Саратовская область
  out=RU_Саратовская область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Сахалинская область
  out=RU_Сахалинская область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Свердловская область
  out=RU_Свердловская область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Смоленская область
  out=RU_Смоленская область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Ставропольский край
  out=RU_Ставропольский край.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Тамбовская область
  out=RU_Тамбовская область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Тверская область
  out=RU_Тверская область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Томская область
  out=RU_Томская область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Тульская область
  out=RU_Тульская область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Тюменская область
  out=RU_Тюменская область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Ульяновская область
  out=RU_Ульяновская область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Хабаровский край
  out=RU_Хабаровский край.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Ханты-Мансийский автономный округ
  out=RU_Ханты-Мансийский автономный округ.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Челябинская область
  out=RU_Челябинская область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Чеченская Республика
  out=RU_Чеченская Республика.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Чувашская Республика
  out=RU_Чувашская Республика.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Чукотский автономный округ
  out=RU_Чукотский автономный округ.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Ямало-Ненецкий автономный округ
  out=RU_Ямало-Ненецкий автономный округ.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/Ярославская область
  out=RU_Ярославская область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/город Москва
  out=RU_город Москва.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/город Санкт-Петербург
  out=RU_город Санкт-Петербург.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RU/город Севастополь
  out=RU_город Севастополь.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/RW
  out=RW.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/SA
  out=SA.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/SB
  out=SB.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/SC
  out=SC.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/SE
  out=SE.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/SG
  out=SG.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/SH
  out=SH.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/SI
  out=SI.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/SJ
  out=SJ.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/SK
  out=SK.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/SL
  out=SL.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/SM
  out=SM.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/SN
  out=SN.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/SO
  out=SO.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/SO/AD
  out=SO_AD.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/SO/BK
  out=SO_BK.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/SO/BN
  out=SO_BN.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/SO/BR
  out=SO_BR.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/SO/BY
  out=SO_BY.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/SO/GD
  out=SO_GD.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/SO/GG
  out=SO_GG.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/SO/HR
  out=SO_HR.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/SO/JD
  out=SO_JD.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/SO/JH
  out=SO_JH.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/SO/MD
  out=SO_MD.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/SO/NG
  out=SO_NG.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/SO/SD
  out=SO_SD.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/SO/SG
  out=SO_SG.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/SO/SH
  out=SO_SH.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/SO/SL
  out=SO_SL.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/SO/TG
  out=SO_TG.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/SO/WG
  out=SO_WG.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/SR
  out=SR.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/SR/Brokopondo
  out=SR_Brokopondo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/SR/Commewijne
  out=SR_Commewijne.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/SR/Coronie
  out=SR_Coronie.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/SR/Marowijne
  out=SR_Marowijne.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/SR/Nickerie
  out=SR_Nickerie.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/SR/Para
  out=SR_Para.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/SR/Paramaribo
  out=SR_Paramaribo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/SR/Saramacca
  out=SR_Saramacca.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/SR/Sipaliwini
  out=SR_Sipaliwini.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/SR/Wanica
  out=SR_Wanica.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/SS
  out=SS.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ST
  out=ST.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/SV
  out=SV.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/SV/Ahuachapan
  out=SV_Ahuachapan.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/SV/Cabanas
  out=SV_Cabanas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/SV/Calatenango
  out=SV_Calatenango.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/SV/Cuscatlan
  out=SV_Cuscatlan.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/SV/La Libertad
  out=SV_La Libertad.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/SV/La Paz
  out=SV_La Paz.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/SV/La Union
  out=SV_La Union.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/SV/Morazan
  out=SV_Morazan.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/SV/San Miguel
  out=SV_San Miguel.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/SV/San Salvador
  out=SV_San Salvador.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/SV/San Vicente
  out=SV_San Vicente.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/SV/Santa Ana
  out=SV_Santa Ana.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/SV/Sonsonate
  out=SV_Sonsonate.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/SV/Usulutan
  out=SV_Usulutan.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/SX
  out=SX.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/SZ
  out=SZ.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TA
  out=TA.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TC
  out=TC.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TD
  out=TD.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TF
  out=TF.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TG
  out=TG.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH
  out=TH.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/กระบี่
  out=TH_กระบี่.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/กรุงเทพมหานคร
  out=TH_กรุงเทพมหานคร.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/กาญจนบุรี
  out=TH_กาญจนบุรี.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/กาฬสินธุ์
  out=TH_กาฬสินธุ์.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/กำแพงเพชร
  out=TH_กำแพงเพชร.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/ขอนแก่น
  out=TH_ขอนแก่น.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/จังหวัด บึงกาฬ
  out=TH_จังหวัด บึงกาฬ.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/จันทบุรี
  out=TH_จันทบุรี.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/ฉะเชิงเทรา
  out=TH_ฉะเชิงเทรา.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/ชลบุรี
  out=TH_ชลบุรี.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/ชัยนาท
  out=TH_ชัยนาท.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/ชัยภูมิ
  out=TH_ชัยภูมิ.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/ชุมพร
  out=TH_ชุมพร.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/ตรัง
  out=TH_ตรัง.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/ตราด
  out=TH_ตราด.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/ตาก
  out=TH_ตาก.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/นครนายก
  out=TH_นครนายก.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/นครปฐม
  out=TH_นครปฐม.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/นครพนม
  out=TH_นครพนม.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/นครราชสีมา
  out=TH_นครราชสีมา.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/นครศรีธรรมราช
  out=TH_นครศรีธรรมราช.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/นครสวรรค์
  out=TH_นครสวรรค์.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/นนทบุรี
  out=TH_นนทบุรี.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/นราธิวาส
  out=TH_นราธิวาส.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/น่าน
  out=TH_น่าน.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/บุรีรัมย์
  out=TH_บุรีรัมย์.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/ปทุมธานี
  out=TH_ปทุมธานี.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/ประจวบคีรีขันธ์
  out=TH_ประจวบคีรีขันธ์.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/ปราจีนบุรี
  out=TH_ปราจีนบุรี.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/ปัตตานี
  out=TH_ปัตตานี.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/พระนครศรีอยุธยา
  out=TH_พระนครศรีอยุธยา.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/พะเยา
  out=TH_พะเยา.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/พังงา
  out=TH_พังงา.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/พัทลุง
  out=TH_พัทลุง.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/พิจิตร
  out=TH_พิจิตร.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/พิษณุโลก
  out=TH_พิษณุโลก.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/ภูเก็ต
  out=TH_ภูเก็ต.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/มหาสารคาม
  out=TH_มหาสารคาม.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/มุกดาหาร
  out=TH_มุกดาหาร.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/ยะลา
  out=TH_ยะลา.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/ยโสธร
  out=TH_ยโสธร.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/ระนอง
  out=TH_ระนอง.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/ระยอง
  out=TH_ระยอง.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/ราชบุรี
  out=TH_ราชบุรี.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/ร้อยเอ็ด
  out=TH_ร้อยเอ็ด.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/ลพบุรี
  out=TH_ลพบุรี.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/ลำปาง
  out=TH_ลำปาง.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/ลำพูน
  out=TH_ลำพูน.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/ศรีสะเกษ
  out=TH_ศรีสะเกษ.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/สกลนคร
  out=TH_สกลนคร.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/สงขลา
  out=TH_สงขลา.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/สตูล
  out=TH_สตูล.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/สมุทรปราการ
  out=TH_สมุทรปราการ.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/สมุทรสงคราม
  out=TH_สมุทรสงคราม.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/สมุทรสาคร
  out=TH_สมุทรสาคร.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/สระบุรี
  out=TH_สระบุรี.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/สระแก้ว
  out=TH_สระแก้ว.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/สิงห์บุรี
  out=TH_สิงห์บุรี.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/สุพรรณบุรี
  out=TH_สุพรรณบุรี.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/สุราษฎร์ธานี
  out=TH_สุราษฎร์ธานี.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/สุรินทร์
  out=TH_สุรินทร์.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/สุโขทัย
  out=TH_สุโขทัย.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/หนองคาย
  out=TH_หนองคาย.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/หนองบัวลำภู
  out=TH_หนองบัวลำภู.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/อำนาจเจริญ
  out=TH_อำนาจเจริญ.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/อุดรธานี
  out=TH_อุดรธานี.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/อุตรดิตถ์
  out=TH_อุตรดิตถ์.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/อุทัยธานี
  out=TH_อุทัยธานี.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/อุบลราชธานี
  out=TH_อุบลราชธานี.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/อ่างทอง
  out=TH_อ่างทอง.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/เชียงราย
  out=TH_เชียงราย.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/เชียงใหม่
  out=TH_เชียงใหม่.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/เพชรบุรี
  out=TH_เพชรบุรี.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/เพชรบูรณ์
  out=TH_เพชรบูรณ์.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/เลย
  out=TH_เลย.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/แพร่
  out=TH_แพร่.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TH/แม่ฮ่องสอน
  out=TH_แม่ฮ่องสอน.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TJ
  out=TJ.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TK
  out=TK.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TL
  out=TL.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TM
  out=TM.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TN
  out=TN.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TO
  out=TO.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR
  out=TR.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Adana
  out=TR_Adana.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Adıyaman
  out=TR_Adıyaman.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Afyon
  out=TR_Afyon.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Aksaray
  out=TR_Aksaray.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Amasya
  out=TR_Amasya.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Ankara
  out=TR_Ankara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Antalya
  out=TR_Antalya.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Ardahan
  out=TR_Ardahan.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Artvin
  out=TR_Artvin.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Aydın
  out=TR_Aydın.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Ağrı
  out=TR_Ağrı.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Balıkesir
  out=TR_Balıkesir.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Bartın
  out=TR_Bartın.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Batman
  out=TR_Batman.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Bayburt
  out=TR_Bayburt.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Bilecik
  out=TR_Bilecik.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Bingöl
  out=TR_Bingöl.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Bitlis
  out=TR_Bitlis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Bolu
  out=TR_Bolu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Burdur
  out=TR_Burdur.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Bursa
  out=TR_Bursa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Denizli
  out=TR_Denizli.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Diyarbakır
  out=TR_Diyarbakır.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Düzce
  out=TR_Düzce.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Edirne
  out=TR_Edirne.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Elazığ
  out=TR_Elazığ.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Erzincan
  out=TR_Erzincan.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Erzurum
  out=TR_Erzurum.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Eskişehir
  out=TR_Eskişehir.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Gaziantep
  out=TR_Gaziantep.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Giresun
  out=TR_Giresun.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Gümüşhane
  out=TR_Gümüşhane.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Hakkari
  out=TR_Hakkari.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Hatay
  out=TR_Hatay.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Isparta
  out=TR_Isparta.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Iğdır
  out=TR_Iğdır.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Kahramanmaraş
  out=TR_Kahramanmaraş.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Karabük
  out=TR_Karabük.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Karaman
  out=TR_Karaman.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Kars
  out=TR_Kars.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Kastamonu
  out=TR_Kastamonu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Kayseri
  out=TR_Kayseri.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Kilis
  out=TR_Kilis.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Kocaeli
  out=TR_Kocaeli.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Konya
  out=TR_Konya.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Kütahya
  out=TR_Kütahya.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Kırklareli
  out=TR_Kırklareli.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Kırıkkale
  out=TR_Kırıkkale.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Kırşehir
  out=TR_Kırşehir.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Malatya
  out=TR_Malatya.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Manisa
  out=TR_Manisa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Mardin
  out=TR_Mardin.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Mersin
  out=TR_Mersin.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Muğla
  out=TR_Muğla.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Muş
  out=TR_Muş.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Nevşehir
  out=TR_Nevşehir.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Niğde
  out=TR_Niğde.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Ordu
  out=TR_Ordu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Osmaniye
  out=TR_Osmaniye.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Rize
  out=TR_Rize.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Sakarya
  out=TR_Sakarya.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Samsun
  out=TR_Samsun.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Siirt
  out=TR_Siirt.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Sinop
  out=TR_Sinop.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Sivas
  out=TR_Sivas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Tekirdağ
  out=TR_Tekirdağ.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Tokat
  out=TR_Tokat.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Trabzon
  out=TR_Trabzon.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Tunceli
  out=TR_Tunceli.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Uşak
  out=TR_Uşak.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Van
  out=TR_Van.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Yalova
  out=TR_Yalova.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Yozgat
  out=TR_Yozgat.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Zonguldak
  out=TR_Zonguldak.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Çanakkale
  out=TR_Çanakkale.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Çankırı
  out=TR_Çankırı.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Çorum
  out=TR_Çorum.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/İstanbul
  out=TR_İstanbul.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/İzmir
  out=TR_İzmir.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Şanlıurfa
  out=TR_Şanlıurfa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TR/Şırnak
  out=TR_Şırnak.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TT
  out=TT.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TV
  out=TV.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TV/Funafuti
  out=TV_Funafuti.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TV/Nanumanga
  out=TV_Nanumanga.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TV/Nanumea
  out=TV_Nanumea.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TV/Niulakita
  out=TV_Niulakita.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TV/Niutao
  out=TV_Niutao.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TV/Nui
  out=TV_Nui.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TV/Nukufetau
  out=TV_Nukufetau.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TV/Nukulaelae
  out=TV_Nukulaelae.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TV/Vaitupu
  out=TV_Vaitupu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW
  out=TW.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/南投縣
  out=TW_南投縣.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/南投縣/中寮鄉
  out=TW_南投縣_中寮鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/南投縣/仁愛鄉
  out=TW_南投縣_仁愛鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/南投縣/信義鄉
  out=TW_南投縣_信義鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/南投縣/南投市
  out=TW_南投縣_南投市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/南投縣/名間鄉
  out=TW_南投縣_名間鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/南投縣/國姓鄉
  out=TW_南投縣_國姓鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/南投縣/埔里鎮
  out=TW_南投縣_埔里鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/南投縣/水里鄉
  out=TW_南投縣_水里鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/南投縣/竹山鎮
  out=TW_南投縣_竹山鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/南投縣/草屯鎮
  out=TW_南投縣_草屯鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/南投縣/集集鎮
  out=TW_南投縣_集集鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/南投縣/魚池鄉
  out=TW_南投縣_魚池鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/南投縣/鹿谷鄉
  out=TW_南投縣_鹿谷鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台中市
  out=TW_台中市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台中市/中區
  out=TW_台中市_中區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台中市/北區
  out=TW_台中市_北區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台中市/北屯區
  out=TW_台中市_北屯區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台中市/南區
  out=TW_台中市_南區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台中市/南屯區
  out=TW_台中市_南屯區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台中市/后里區
  out=TW_台中市_后里區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台中市/和平區
  out=TW_台中市_和平區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台中市/外埔區
  out=TW_台中市_外埔區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台中市/大安區
  out=TW_台中市_大安區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台中市/大甲區
  out=TW_台中市_大甲區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台中市/大肚區
  out=TW_台中市_大肚區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台中市/大里區
  out=TW_台中市_大里區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台中市/大雅區
  out=TW_台中市_大雅區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台中市/太平區
  out=TW_台中市_太平區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台中市/新社區
  out=TW_台中市_新社區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台中市/東勢區
  out=TW_台中市_東勢區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台中市/東區
  out=TW_台中市_東區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台中市/梧棲區
  out=TW_台中市_梧棲區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台中市/沙鹿區
  out=TW_台中市_沙鹿區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台中市/清水區
  out=TW_台中市_清水區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台中市/潭子區
  out=TW_台中市_潭子區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台中市/烏日區
  out=TW_台中市_烏日區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台中市/石岡區
  out=TW_台中市_石岡區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台中市/神岡區
  out=TW_台中市_神岡區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台中市/西區
  out=TW_台中市_西區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台中市/西屯區
  out=TW_台中市_西屯區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台中市/豐原區
  out=TW_台中市_豐原區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台中市/霧峰區
  out=TW_台中市_霧峰區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台中市/龍井區
  out=TW_台中市_龍井區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台北市
  out=TW_台北市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台北市/中山區
  out=TW_台北市_中山區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台北市/中正區
  out=TW_台北市_中正區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台北市/信義區
  out=TW_台北市_信義區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台北市/內湖區
  out=TW_台北市_內湖區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台北市/北投區
  out=TW_台北市_北投區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台北市/南港區
  out=TW_台北市_南港區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台北市/士林區
  out=TW_台北市_士林區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台北市/大同區
  out=TW_台北市_大同區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台北市/大安區
  out=TW_台北市_大安區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台北市/文山區
  out=TW_台北市_文山區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台北市/松山區
  out=TW_台北市_松山區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台北市/萬華區
  out=TW_台北市_萬華區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台南市
  out=TW_台南市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台南市/七股區
  out=TW_台南市_七股區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台南市/下營區
  out=TW_台南市_下營區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台南市/中西區
  out=TW_台南市_中西區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台南市/仁德區
  out=TW_台南市_仁德區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台南市/佳里區
  out=TW_台南市_佳里區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台南市/六甲區
  out=TW_台南市_六甲區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台南市/北區
  out=TW_台南市_北區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台南市/北門區
  out=TW_台南市_北門區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台南市/南化區
  out=TW_台南市_南化區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台南市/南區
  out=TW_台南市_南區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台南市/善化區
  out=TW_台南市_善化區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台南市/大內區
  out=TW_台南市_大內區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台南市/學甲區
  out=TW_台南市_學甲區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台南市/安南區
  out=TW_台南市_安南區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台南市/安定區
  out=TW_台南市_安定區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台南市/安平區
  out=TW_台南市_安平區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台南市/官田區
  out=TW_台南市_官田區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台南市/將軍區
  out=TW_台南市_將軍區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台南市/山上區
  out=TW_台南市_山上區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台南市/左鎮區
  out=TW_台南市_左鎮區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台南市/後壁區
  out=TW_台南市_後壁區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台南市/新化區
  out=TW_台南市_新化區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台南市/新市區
  out=TW_台南市_新市區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台南市/新營區
  out=TW_台南市_新營區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台南市/東區
  out=TW_台南市_東區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台南市/東山區
  out=TW_台南市_東山區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台南市/柳營區
  out=TW_台南市_柳營區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台南市/楠西區
  out=TW_台南市_楠西區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台南市/歸仁區
  out=TW_台南市_歸仁區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台南市/永康區
  out=TW_台南市_永康區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台南市/玉井區
  out=TW_台南市_玉井區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台南市/白河區
  out=TW_台南市_白河區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台南市/西港區
  out=TW_台南市_西港區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台南市/關廟區
  out=TW_台南市_關廟區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台南市/鹽水區
  out=TW_台南市_鹽水區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台南市/麻豆區
  out=TW_台南市_麻豆區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台南市/龍崎區
  out=TW_台南市_龍崎區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台東縣
  out=TW_台東縣.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台東縣/卑南鄉
  out=TW_台東縣_卑南鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台東縣/台東市
  out=TW_台東縣_台東市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台東縣/大武鄉
  out=TW_台東縣_大武鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台東縣/太麻里鄉
  out=TW_台東縣_太麻里鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台東縣/延平鄉
  out=TW_台東縣_延平鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台東縣/成功鎮
  out=TW_台東縣_成功鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台東縣/東河鄉
  out=TW_台東縣_東河鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台東縣/池上鄉
  out=TW_台東縣_池上鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台東縣/海端鄉
  out=TW_台東縣_海端鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台東縣/綠島鄉
  out=TW_台東縣_綠島鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台東縣/蘭嶼鄉
  out=TW_台東縣_蘭嶼鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台東縣/達仁鄉
  out=TW_台東縣_達仁鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台東縣/金峰鄉
  out=TW_台東縣_金峰鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台東縣/長濱鄉
  out=TW_台東縣_長濱鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台東縣/關山鎮
  out=TW_台東縣_關山鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/台東縣/鹿野鄉
  out=TW_台東縣_鹿野鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/嘉義市
  out=TW_嘉義市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/嘉義市/東區
  out=TW_嘉義市_東區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/嘉義市/西區
  out=TW_嘉義市_西區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/嘉義縣
  out=TW_嘉義縣.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/嘉義縣/中埔鄉
  out=TW_嘉義縣_中埔鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/嘉義縣/六腳鄉
  out=TW_嘉義縣_六腳鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/嘉義縣/大埔鄉
  out=TW_嘉義縣_大埔鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/嘉義縣/大林鎮
  out=TW_嘉義縣_大林鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/嘉義縣/太保市
  out=TW_嘉義縣_太保市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/嘉義縣/布袋鎮
  out=TW_嘉義縣_布袋鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/嘉義縣/新港鄉
  out=TW_嘉義縣_新港鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/嘉義縣/朴子市
  out=TW_嘉義縣_朴子市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/嘉義縣/東石鄉
  out=TW_嘉義縣_東石鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/嘉義縣/梅山鄉
  out=TW_嘉義縣_梅山鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/嘉義縣/民雄鄉
  out=TW_嘉義縣_民雄鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/嘉義縣/水上鄉
  out=TW_嘉義縣_水上鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/嘉義縣/溪口鄉
  out=TW_嘉義縣_溪口鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/嘉義縣/番路鄉
  out=TW_嘉義縣_番路鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/嘉義縣/竹崎鄉
  out=TW_嘉義縣_竹崎鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/嘉義縣/義竹鄉
  out=TW_嘉義縣_義竹鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/嘉義縣/阿里山鄉
  out=TW_嘉義縣_阿里山鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/嘉義縣/鹿草鄉
  out=TW_嘉義縣_鹿草鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/基隆市
  out=TW_基隆市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/基隆市/七堵區
  out=TW_基隆市_七堵區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/基隆市/中山區
  out=TW_基隆市_中山區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/基隆市/中正區
  out=TW_基隆市_中正區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/基隆市/仁愛區
  out=TW_基隆市_仁愛區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/基隆市/信義區
  out=TW_基隆市_信義區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/基隆市/安樂區
  out=TW_基隆市_安樂區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/基隆市/暖暖區
  out=TW_基隆市_暖暖區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/宜蘭縣
  out=TW_宜蘭縣.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/宜蘭縣/三星鄉
  out=TW_宜蘭縣_三星鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/宜蘭縣/五結鄉
  out=TW_宜蘭縣_五結鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/宜蘭縣/冬山鄉
  out=TW_宜蘭縣_冬山鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/宜蘭縣/南澳鄉
  out=TW_宜蘭縣_南澳鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/宜蘭縣/員山鄉
  out=TW_宜蘭縣_員山鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/宜蘭縣/壯圍鄉
  out=TW_宜蘭縣_壯圍鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/宜蘭縣/大同鄉
  out=TW_宜蘭縣_大同鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/宜蘭縣/宜蘭市
  out=TW_宜蘭縣_宜蘭市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/宜蘭縣/礁溪鄉
  out=TW_宜蘭縣_礁溪鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/宜蘭縣/羅東鎮
  out=TW_宜蘭縣_羅東鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/宜蘭縣/蘇澳鎮
  out=TW_宜蘭縣_蘇澳鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/宜蘭縣/頭城鎮
  out=TW_宜蘭縣_頭城鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/屏東縣
  out=TW_屏東縣.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/屏東縣/三地門鄉
  out=TW_屏東縣_三地門鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/屏東縣/九如鄉
  out=TW_屏東縣_九如鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/屏東縣/佳冬鄉
  out=TW_屏東縣_佳冬鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/屏東縣/來義鄉
  out=TW_屏東縣_來義鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/屏東縣/內埔鄉
  out=TW_屏東縣_內埔鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/屏東縣/南州鄉
  out=TW_屏東縣_南州鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/屏東縣/屏東市
  out=TW_屏東縣_屏東市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/屏東縣/崁頂鄉
  out=TW_屏東縣_崁頂鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/屏東縣/恆春鎮
  out=TW_屏東縣_恆春鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/屏東縣/新園鄉
  out=TW_屏東縣_新園鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/屏東縣/新埤鄉
  out=TW_屏東縣_新埤鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/屏東縣/春日鄉
  out=TW_屏東縣_春日鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/屏東縣/東港鎮
  out=TW_屏東縣_東港鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/屏東縣/枋寮鄉
  out=TW_屏東縣_枋寮鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/屏東縣/枋山鄉
  out=TW_屏東縣_枋山鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/屏東縣/林邊鄉
  out=TW_屏東縣_林邊鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/屏東縣/泰武鄉
  out=TW_屏東縣_泰武鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/屏東縣/滿洲鄉
  out=TW_屏東縣_滿洲鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/屏東縣/潮州鎮
  out=TW_屏東縣_潮州鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/屏東縣/牡丹鄉
  out=TW_屏東縣_牡丹鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/屏東縣/獅子鄉
  out=TW_屏東縣_獅子鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/屏東縣/琉球鄉
  out=TW_屏東縣_琉球鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/屏東縣/瑪家鄉
  out=TW_屏東縣_瑪家鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/屏東縣/竹田鄉
  out=TW_屏東縣_竹田鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/屏東縣/萬丹鄉
  out=TW_屏東縣_萬丹鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/屏東縣/萬巒鄉
  out=TW_屏東縣_萬巒鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/屏東縣/車城鄉
  out=TW_屏東縣_車城鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/屏東縣/里港鄉
  out=TW_屏東縣_里港鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/屏東縣/長治鄉
  out=TW_屏東縣_長治鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/屏東縣/霧台鄉
  out=TW_屏東縣_霧台鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/屏東縣/高樹鄉
  out=TW_屏東縣_高樹鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/屏東縣/鹽埔鄉
  out=TW_屏東縣_鹽埔鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/屏東縣/麟洛鄉
  out=TW_屏東縣_麟洛鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/彰化縣
  out=TW_彰化縣.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/彰化縣/二林鎮
  out=TW_彰化縣_二林鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/彰化縣/二水鄉
  out=TW_彰化縣_二水鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/彰化縣/伸港鄉
  out=TW_彰化縣_伸港鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/彰化縣/北斗鎮
  out=TW_彰化縣_北斗鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/彰化縣/和美鎮
  out=TW_彰化縣_和美鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/彰化縣/員林市
  out=TW_彰化縣_員林市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/彰化縣/埔心鄉
  out=TW_彰化縣_埔心鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/彰化縣/埔鹽鄉
  out=TW_彰化縣_埔鹽鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/彰化縣/埤頭鄉
  out=TW_彰化縣_埤頭鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/彰化縣/大城鄉
  out=TW_彰化縣_大城鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/彰化縣/大村鄉
  out=TW_彰化縣_大村鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/彰化縣/彰化市
  out=TW_彰化縣_彰化市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/彰化縣/永靖鄉
  out=TW_彰化縣_永靖鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/彰化縣/溪州鄉
  out=TW_彰化縣_溪州鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/彰化縣/溪湖鎮
  out=TW_彰化縣_溪湖鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/彰化縣/田中鎮
  out=TW_彰化縣_田中鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/彰化縣/田尾鄉
  out=TW_彰化縣_田尾鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/彰化縣/社頭鄉
  out=TW_彰化縣_社頭鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/彰化縣/福興鄉
  out=TW_彰化縣_福興鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/彰化縣/秀水鄉
  out=TW_彰化縣_秀水鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/彰化縣/竹塘鄉
  out=TW_彰化縣_竹塘鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/彰化縣/線西鄉
  out=TW_彰化縣_線西鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/彰化縣/芬園鄉
  out=TW_彰化縣_芬園鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/彰化縣/花壇鄉
  out=TW_彰化縣_花壇鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/彰化縣/芳苑鄉
  out=TW_彰化縣_芳苑鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/彰化縣/鹿港鎮
  out=TW_彰化縣_鹿港鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/新北市
  out=TW_新北市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/新北市/三峽區
  out=TW_新北市_三峽區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/新北市/三芝區
  out=TW_新北市_三芝區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/新北市/三重區
  out=TW_新北市_三重區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/新北市/中和區
  out=TW_新北市_中和區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/新北市/五股區
  out=TW_新北市_五股區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/新北市/八里區
  out=TW_新北市_八里區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/新北市/土城區
  out=TW_新北市_土城區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/新北市/坪林區
  out=TW_新北市_坪林區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/新北市/平溪區
  out=TW_新北市_平溪區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/新北市/新店區
  out=TW_新北市_新店區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/新北市/新莊區
  out=TW_新北市_新莊區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/新北市/板橋區
  out=TW_新北市_板橋區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/新北市/林口區
  out=TW_新北市_林口區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/新北市/樹林區
  out=TW_新北市_樹林區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/新北市/永和區
  out=TW_新北市_永和區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/新北市/汐止區
  out=TW_新北市_汐止區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/新北市/泰山區
  out=TW_新北市_泰山區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/新北市/淡水區
  out=TW_新北市_淡水區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/新北市/深坑區
  out=TW_新北市_深坑區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/新北市/烏來區
  out=TW_新北市_烏來區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/新北市/瑞芳區
  out=TW_新北市_瑞芳區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/新北市/石碇區
  out=TW_新北市_石碇區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/新北市/石門區
  out=TW_新北市_石門區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/新北市/萬里區
  out=TW_新北市_萬里區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/新北市/蘆洲區
  out=TW_新北市_蘆洲區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/新北市/貢寮區
  out=TW_新北市_貢寮區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/新北市/金山區
  out=TW_新北市_金山區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/新北市/雙溪區
  out=TW_新北市_雙溪區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/新北市/鶯歌區
  out=TW_新北市_鶯歌區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/新竹市
  out=TW_新竹市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/新竹市/北區
  out=TW_新竹市_北區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/新竹市/東區
  out=TW_新竹市_東區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/新竹市/香山區
  out=TW_新竹市_香山區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/新竹縣
  out=TW_新竹縣.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/新竹縣/五峰鄉
  out=TW_新竹縣_五峰鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/新竹縣/北埔鄉
  out=TW_新竹縣_北埔鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/新竹縣/寶山鄉
  out=TW_新竹縣_寶山鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/新竹縣/尖石鄉
  out=TW_新竹縣_尖石鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/新竹縣/峨眉鄉
  out=TW_新竹縣_峨眉鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/新竹縣/新埔鎮
  out=TW_新竹縣_新埔鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/新竹縣/新豐鄉
  out=TW_新竹縣_新豐鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/新竹縣/橫山鄉
  out=TW_新竹縣_橫山鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/新竹縣/湖口鄉
  out=TW_新竹縣_湖口鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/新竹縣/竹北市
  out=TW_新竹縣_竹北市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/新竹縣/竹東鎮
  out=TW_新竹縣_竹東鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/新竹縣/芎林鄉
  out=TW_新竹縣_芎林鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/新竹縣/關西鎮
  out=TW_新竹縣_關西鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/桃園市
  out=TW_桃園市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/桃園市/中壢區
  out=TW_桃園市_中壢區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/桃園市/八德區
  out=TW_桃園市_八德區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/桃園市/大園區
  out=TW_桃園市_大園區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/桃園市/大溪區
  out=TW_桃園市_大溪區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/桃園市/平鎮區
  out=TW_桃園市_平鎮區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/桃園市/復興區
  out=TW_桃園市_復興區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/桃園市/新屋區
  out=TW_桃園市_新屋區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/桃園市/桃園區
  out=TW_桃園市_桃園區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/桃園市/楊梅區
  out=TW_桃園市_楊梅區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/桃園市/蘆竹區
  out=TW_桃園市_蘆竹區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/桃園市/觀音區
  out=TW_桃園市_觀音區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/桃園市/龍潭區
  out=TW_桃園市_龍潭區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/桃園市/龜山區
  out=TW_桃園市_龜山區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/澎湖縣
  out=TW_澎湖縣.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/澎湖縣/七美鄉
  out=TW_澎湖縣_七美鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/澎湖縣/望安鄉
  out=TW_澎湖縣_望安鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/澎湖縣/湖西鄉
  out=TW_澎湖縣_湖西鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/澎湖縣/白沙鄉
  out=TW_澎湖縣_白沙鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/澎湖縣/西嶼鄉
  out=TW_澎湖縣_西嶼鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/澎湖縣/馬公市
  out=TW_澎湖縣_馬公市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/花蓮縣
  out=TW_花蓮縣.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/花蓮縣/光復鄉
  out=TW_花蓮縣_光復鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/花蓮縣/卓溪鄉
  out=TW_花蓮縣_卓溪鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/花蓮縣/吉安鄉
  out=TW_花蓮縣_吉安鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/花蓮縣/壽豐鄉
  out=TW_花蓮縣_壽豐鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/花蓮縣/富里鄉
  out=TW_花蓮縣_富里鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/花蓮縣/新城鄉
  out=TW_花蓮縣_新城鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/花蓮縣/玉里鎮
  out=TW_花蓮縣_玉里鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/花蓮縣/瑞穗鄉
  out=TW_花蓮縣_瑞穗鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/花蓮縣/秀林鄉
  out=TW_花蓮縣_秀林鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/花蓮縣/花蓮市
  out=TW_花蓮縣_花蓮市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/花蓮縣/萬榮鄉
  out=TW_花蓮縣_萬榮鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/花蓮縣/豐濱鄉
  out=TW_花蓮縣_豐濱鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/花蓮縣/鳳林鎮
  out=TW_花蓮縣_鳳林鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/苗栗縣
  out=TW_苗栗縣.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/苗栗縣/三灣鄉
  out=TW_苗栗縣_三灣鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/苗栗縣/三義鄉
  out=TW_苗栗縣_三義鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/苗栗縣/公館鄉
  out=TW_苗栗縣_公館鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/苗栗縣/卓蘭鎮
  out=TW_苗栗縣_卓蘭鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/苗栗縣/南庄鄉
  out=TW_苗栗縣_南庄鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/苗栗縣/大湖鄉
  out=TW_苗栗縣_大湖鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/苗栗縣/後龍鎮
  out=TW_苗栗縣_後龍鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/苗栗縣/泰安鄉
  out=TW_苗栗縣_泰安鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/苗栗縣/獅潭鄉
  out=TW_苗栗縣_獅潭鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/苗栗縣/竹南鎮
  out=TW_苗栗縣_竹南鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/苗栗縣/苑裡鎮
  out=TW_苗栗縣_苑裡鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/苗栗縣/苗栗市
  out=TW_苗栗縣_苗栗市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/苗栗縣/西湖鄉
  out=TW_苗栗縣_西湖鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/苗栗縣/通霄鎮
  out=TW_苗栗縣_通霄鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/苗栗縣/造橋鄉
  out=TW_苗栗縣_造橋鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/苗栗縣/銅鑼鄉
  out=TW_苗栗縣_銅鑼鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/苗栗縣/頭份市
  out=TW_苗栗縣_頭份市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/苗栗縣/頭屋鄉
  out=TW_苗栗縣_頭屋鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/連江縣
  out=TW_連江縣.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/連江縣/北竿鄉
  out=TW_連江縣_北竿鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/連江縣/南竿鄉
  out=TW_連江縣_南竿鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/連江縣/東引鄉
  out=TW_連江縣_東引鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/連江縣/莒光鄉
  out=TW_連江縣_莒光鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/金門縣
  out=TW_金門縣.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/金門縣/烈嶼鄉
  out=TW_金門縣_烈嶼鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/金門縣/烏坵鄉
  out=TW_金門縣_烏坵鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/金門縣/金城鎮
  out=TW_金門縣_金城鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/金門縣/金寧鄉
  out=TW_金門縣_金寧鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/金門縣/金沙鎮
  out=TW_金門縣_金沙鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/金門縣/金湖鎮
  out=TW_金門縣_金湖鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/雲林縣
  out=TW_雲林縣.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/雲林縣/二崙鄉
  out=TW_雲林縣_二崙鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/雲林縣/元長鄉
  out=TW_雲林縣_元長鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/雲林縣/北港鎮
  out=TW_雲林縣_北港鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/雲林縣/口湖鄉
  out=TW_雲林縣_口湖鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/雲林縣/古坑鄉
  out=TW_雲林縣_古坑鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/雲林縣/台西鄉
  out=TW_雲林縣_台西鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/雲林縣/四湖鄉
  out=TW_雲林縣_四湖鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/雲林縣/土庫鎮
  out=TW_雲林縣_土庫鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/雲林縣/大埤鄉
  out=TW_雲林縣_大埤鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/雲林縣/崙背鄉
  out=TW_雲林縣_崙背鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/雲林縣/斗六市
  out=TW_雲林縣_斗六市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/雲林縣/斗南鎮
  out=TW_雲林縣_斗南鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/雲林縣/東勢鄉
  out=TW_雲林縣_東勢鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/雲林縣/林內鄉
  out=TW_雲林縣_林內鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/雲林縣/水林鄉
  out=TW_雲林縣_水林鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/雲林縣/莿桐鄉
  out=TW_雲林縣_莿桐鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/雲林縣/虎尾鎮
  out=TW_雲林縣_虎尾鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/雲林縣/褒忠鄉
  out=TW_雲林縣_褒忠鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/雲林縣/西螺鎮
  out=TW_雲林縣_西螺鎮.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/雲林縣/麥寮鄉
  out=TW_雲林縣_麥寮鄉.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/高雄市
  out=TW_高雄市.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/高雄市/三民區
  out=TW_高雄市_三民區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/高雄市/仁武區
  out=TW_高雄市_仁武區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/高雄市/內門區
  out=TW_高雄市_內門區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/高雄市/六龜區
  out=TW_高雄市_六龜區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/高雄市/前金區
  out=TW_高雄市_前金區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/高雄市/前鎮區
  out=TW_高雄市_前鎮區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/高雄市/南沙島
  out=TW_高雄市_南沙島.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/高雄市/大寮區
  out=TW_高雄市_大寮區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/高雄市/大樹區
  out=TW_高雄市_大樹區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/高雄市/大社區
  out=TW_高雄市_大社區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/高雄市/小港區
  out=TW_高雄市_小港區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/高雄市/岡山區
  out=TW_高雄市_岡山區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/高雄市/左營區
  out=TW_高雄市_左營區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/高雄市/彌陀區
  out=TW_高雄市_彌陀區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/高雄市/新興區
  out=TW_高雄市_新興區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/高雄市/旗山區
  out=TW_高雄市_旗山區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/高雄市/旗津區
  out=TW_高雄市_旗津區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/高雄市/杉林區
  out=TW_高雄市_杉林區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/高雄市/東沙島
  out=TW_高雄市_東沙島.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/高雄市/林園區
  out=TW_高雄市_林園區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/高雄市/桃源區
  out=TW_高雄市_桃源區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/高雄市/梓官區
  out=TW_高雄市_梓官區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/高雄市/楠梓區
  out=TW_高雄市_楠梓區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/高雄市/橋頭區
  out=TW_高雄市_橋頭區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/高雄市/永安區
  out=TW_高雄市_永安區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/高雄市/湖內區
  out=TW_高雄市_湖內區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/高雄市/燕巢區
  out=TW_高雄市_燕巢區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/高雄市/田寮區
  out=TW_高雄市_田寮區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/高雄市/甲仙區
  out=TW_高雄市_甲仙區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/高雄市/美濃區
  out=TW_高雄市_美濃區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/高雄市/苓雅區
  out=TW_高雄市_苓雅區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/高雄市/茂林區
  out=TW_高雄市_茂林區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/高雄市/茄萣區
  out=TW_高雄市_茄萣區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/高雄市/路竹區
  out=TW_高雄市_路竹區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/高雄市/那瑪夏區
  out=TW_高雄市_那瑪夏區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/高雄市/阿蓮區
  out=TW_高雄市_阿蓮區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/高雄市/鳥松區
  out=TW_高雄市_鳥松區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/高雄市/鳳山區
  out=TW_高雄市_鳳山區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/高雄市/鹽埕區
  out=TW_高雄市_鹽埕區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TW/高雄市/鼓山區
  out=TW_高雄市_鼓山區.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/TZ
  out=TZ.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/UA
  out=UA.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/UA/Івано-Франківська область
  out=UA_Івано-Франківська область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/UA/Автономна Республіка Крим
  out=UA_Автономна Республіка Крим.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/UA/Волинська область
  out=UA_Волинська область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/UA/Вінницька область
  out=UA_Вінницька область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/UA/Дніпропетровська область
  out=UA_Дніпропетровська область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/UA/Донецька область
  out=UA_Донецька область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/UA/Житомирська область
  out=UA_Житомирська область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/UA/Закарпатська область
  out=UA_Закарпатська область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/UA/Запорізька область
  out=UA_Запорізька область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/UA/Київська область
  out=UA_Київська область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/UA/Кіровоградська область
  out=UA_Кіровоградська область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/UA/Луганська область
  out=UA_Луганська область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/UA/Львівська область
  out=UA_Львівська область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/UA/Миколаївська область
  out=UA_Миколаївська область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/UA/Одеська область
  out=UA_Одеська область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/UA/Полтавська область
  out=UA_Полтавська область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/UA/Рівненська область
  out=UA_Рівненська область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/UA/Сумська область
  out=UA_Сумська область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/UA/Тернопільська область
  out=UA_Тернопільська область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/UA/Харківська область
  out=UA_Харківська область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/UA/Херсонська область
  out=UA_Херсонська область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/UA/Хмельницька область
  out=UA_Хмельницька область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/UA/Черкаська область
  out=UA_Черкаська область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/UA/Чернівецька область
  out=UA_Чернівецька область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/UA/Чернігівська область
  out=UA_Чернігівська область.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/UA/місто Київ
  out=UA_місто Київ.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/UA/місто Севастополь
  out=UA_місто Севастополь.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/UG
  out=UG.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/UM
  out=UM.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/US
  out=US.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/US/AA
  out=US_AA.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/US/AE
  out=US_AE.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/US/AK
  out=US_AK.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/US/AL
  out=US_AL.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/US/AP
  out=US_AP.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/US/AR
  out=US_AR.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/US/AS
  out=US_AS.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/US/AZ
  out=US_AZ.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/US/CA
  out=US_CA.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/US/CO
  out=US_CO.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/US/CT
  out=US_CT.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/US/DC
  out=US_DC.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/US/DE
  out=US_DE.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/US/FL
  out=US_FL.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/US/FM
  out=US_FM.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/US/GA
  out=US_GA.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/US/GU
  out=US_GU.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/US/HI
  out=US_HI.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/US/IA
  out=US_IA.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/US/ID
  out=US_ID.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/US/IL
  out=US_IL.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/US/IN
  out=US_IN.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/US/KS
  out=US_KS.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/US/KY
  out=US_KY.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/US/LA
  out=US_LA.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/US/MA
  out=US_MA.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/US/MD
  out=US_MD.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/US/ME
  out=US_ME.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/US/MH
  out=US_MH.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/US/MI
  out=US_MI.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/US/MN
  out=US_MN.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/US/MO
  out=US_MO.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/US/MP
  out=US_MP.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/US/MS
  out=US_MS.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/US/MT
  out=US_MT.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/US/NC
  out=US_NC.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/US/ND
  out=US_ND.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/US/NE
  out=US_NE.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/US/NH
  out=US_NH.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/US/NJ
  out=US_NJ.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/US/NM
  out=US_NM.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/US/NV
  out=US_NV.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/US/NY
  out=US_NY.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/US/OH
  out=US_OH.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/US/OK
  out=US_OK.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/US/OR
  out=US_OR.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/US/PA
  out=US_PA.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/US/PR
  out=US_PR.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/US/PW
  out=US_PW.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/US/RI
  out=US_RI.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/US/SC
  out=US_SC.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/US/SD
  out=US_SD.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/US/TN
  out=US_TN.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/US/TX
  out=US_TX.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/US/UT
  out=US_UT.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/US/VA
  out=US_VA.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/US/VI
  out=US_VI.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/US/VT
  out=US_VT.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/US/WA
  out=US_WA.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/US/WI
  out=US_WI.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/US/WV
  out=US_WV.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/US/WY
  out=US_WY.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/UY
  out=UY.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/UY/Artigas
  out=UY_Artigas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/UY/Canelones
  out=UY_Canelones.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/UY/Cerro Largo
  out=UY_Cerro Largo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/UY/Colonia
  out=UY_Colonia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/UY/Durazno
  out=UY_Durazno.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/UY/Flores
  out=UY_Flores.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/UY/Florida
  out=UY_Florida.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/UY/Lavalleja
  out=UY_Lavalleja.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/UY/Maldonado
  out=UY_Maldonado.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/UY/Montevideo
  out=UY_Montevideo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/UY/Paysandú
  out=UY_Paysandú.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/UY/Rivera
  out=UY_Rivera.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/UY/Rocha
  out=UY_Rocha.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/UY/Río Negro
  out=UY_Río Negro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/UY/Salto
  out=UY_Salto.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/UY/San José
  out=UY_San José.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/UY/Soriano
  out=UY_Soriano.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/UY/Tacuarembó
  out=UY_Tacuarembó.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/UY/Treinta y Tres
  out=UY_Treinta y Tres.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/UZ
  out=UZ.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VA
  out=VA.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VC
  out=VC.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VE
  out=VE.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VE/Amazonas
  out=VE_Amazonas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VE/Anzoátegui
  out=VE_Anzoátegui.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VE/Apure
  out=VE_Apure.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VE/Aragua
  out=VE_Aragua.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VE/Barinas
  out=VE_Barinas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VE/Bolívar
  out=VE_Bolívar.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VE/Carabobo
  out=VE_Carabobo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VE/Cojedes
  out=VE_Cojedes.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VE/Delta Amacuro
  out=VE_Delta Amacuro.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VE/Dependencias Federales
  out=VE_Dependencias Federales.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VE/Distrito Federal
  out=VE_Distrito Federal.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VE/Falcón
  out=VE_Falcón.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VE/Guárico
  out=VE_Guárico.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VE/Lara
  out=VE_Lara.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VE/Miranda
  out=VE_Miranda.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VE/Monagas
  out=VE_Monagas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VE/Mérida
  out=VE_Mérida.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VE/Nueva Esparta
  out=VE_Nueva Esparta.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VE/Portuguesa
  out=VE_Portuguesa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VE/Sucre
  out=VE_Sucre.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VE/Trujillo
  out=VE_Trujillo.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VE/Táchira
  out=VE_Táchira.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VE/Vargas
  out=VE_Vargas.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VE/Yaracuy
  out=VE_Yaracuy.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VE/Zulia
  out=VE_Zulia.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VG
  out=VG.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VI
  out=VI.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN
  out=VN.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN/An Giang
  out=VN_An Giang.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN/Bà Rịa–Vũng Tàu
  out=VN_Bà Rịa–Vũng Tàu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN/Bình Dương
  out=VN_Bình Dương.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN/Bình Phước
  out=VN_Bình Phước.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN/Bình Thuận
  out=VN_Bình Thuận.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN/Bình Định
  out=VN_Bình Định.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN/Bạc Liêu
  out=VN_Bạc Liêu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN/Bắc Giang
  out=VN_Bắc Giang.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN/Bắc Kạn
  out=VN_Bắc Kạn.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN/Bắc Ninh
  out=VN_Bắc Ninh.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN/Bến Tre
  out=VN_Bến Tre.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN/Cao Bằng
  out=VN_Cao Bằng.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN/Cà Mau
  out=VN_Cà Mau.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN/Cần Thơ
  out=VN_Cần Thơ.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN/Gia Lai
  out=VN_Gia Lai.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN/Hà Giang
  out=VN_Hà Giang.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN/Hà Nam
  out=VN_Hà Nam.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN/Hà Nội
  out=VN_Hà Nội.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN/Hà Tĩnh
  out=VN_Hà Tĩnh.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN/Hòa Bình
  out=VN_Hòa Bình.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN/Hưng Yên
  out=VN_Hưng Yên.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN/Hải Dương
  out=VN_Hải Dương.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN/Hải Phòng
  out=VN_Hải Phòng.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN/Hậu Giang
  out=VN_Hậu Giang.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN/Khánh Hòa
  out=VN_Khánh Hòa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN/Kiên Giang
  out=VN_Kiên Giang.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN/Kon Tum
  out=VN_Kon Tum.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN/Lai Châu
  out=VN_Lai Châu.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN/Long An
  out=VN_Long An.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN/Lào Cai
  out=VN_Lào Cai.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN/Lâm Đồng
  out=VN_Lâm Đồng.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN/Lạng Sơn
  out=VN_Lạng Sơn.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN/Nam Định
  out=VN_Nam Định.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN/Nghệ An
  out=VN_Nghệ An.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN/Ninh Bình
  out=VN_Ninh Bình.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN/Ninh Thuận
  out=VN_Ninh Thuận.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN/Phú Thọ
  out=VN_Phú Thọ.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN/Phú Yên
  out=VN_Phú Yên.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN/Quảng Bình
  out=VN_Quảng Bình.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN/Quảng Nam
  out=VN_Quảng Nam.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN/Quảng Ngãi
  out=VN_Quảng Ngãi.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN/Quảng Ninh
  out=VN_Quảng Ninh.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN/Quảng Trị
  out=VN_Quảng Trị.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN/Sóc Trăng
  out=VN_Sóc Trăng.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN/Sơn La
  out=VN_Sơn La.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN/Thanh Hóa
  out=VN_Thanh Hóa.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN/Thành phố Hồ Chí Minh
  out=VN_Thành phố Hồ Chí Minh.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN/Thái Bình
  out=VN_Thái Bình.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN/Thái Nguyên
  out=VN_Thái Nguyên.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN/Thừa Thiên–Huế
  out=VN_Thừa Thiên–Huế.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN/Tiền Giang
  out=VN_Tiền Giang.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN/Trà Vinh
  out=VN_Trà Vinh.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN/Tuyên Quang
  out=VN_Tuyên Quang.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN/Tây Ninh
  out=VN_Tây Ninh.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN/Vĩnh Long
  out=VN_Vĩnh Long.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN/Vĩnh Phúc
  out=VN_Vĩnh Phúc.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN/Yên Bái
  out=VN_Yên Bái.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN/Điện Biên
  out=VN_Điện Biên.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN/Đà Nẵng
  out=VN_Đà Nẵng.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN/Đăk Nông
  out=VN_Đăk Nông.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN/Đắk Lắk
  out=VN_Đắk Lắk.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN/Đồng Nai
  out=VN_Đồng Nai.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VN/Đồng Tháp
  out=VN_Đồng Tháp.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/VU
  out=VU.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/WF
  out=WF.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/WS
  out=WS.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/XK
  out=XK.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/YE
  out=YE.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/YT
  out=YT.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ZA
  out=ZA.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ZM
  out=ZM.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ZW
  out=ZW.json
http://i18napis.appspot.com/address/data/ZZ
  out=ZZ.json